1. Building for Builders LLC manufactures equipment used in residential and commercial
building. Each of its 500,000 pieces of equipment in use around the globe has IoT devices
collecting data about the state of equipment. The IoT data is streamed from each device every
10 seconds. On average, 10 KB of data is sent in each message. The data will be used for predictive maintenance and product development. The company would like to use a managed
service in Google Cloud. What would you recommend?
A. Apache Cassandra
B. Cloud Bigtable
C. BigQuery
D. Cloud SQL

2. You have developed a web application that is becoming widely used. The front end runs
in Google App Engine and scales automatically. The backend runs on Compute Engine in
a managed instance group. You have set the maximum number of instances in the backend managed instance group to five. You do not want to increase the maximum size of the
managed instance group or change the VM instance type, but there are times the front end
sends more data than the backend can keep up with and data is lost. What can you do to
prevent the loss of data?
A. Use an unmanaged instance group.
B. Store ingested data in Cloud Storage.
C. Have the front end write data to a Cloud Pub/Sub topic, and have the backend read from that topic.
D. Store ingested data in BigQuery.

3. You are setting up a cloud project and want to assign members of your team different roles
that have appropriate permissions for their responsibilities. What GCP service would you use
to do that?
A. Cloud Identity
B. Identity and Access Management (IAM)
C. Cloud Authorizations
D. LDAP

4. You would like to run a custom stateless container in a managed Google Cloud service. What
are your three options?
A. App Engine Standard, Cloud Run, and Kubernetes Engine
B. App Engine Flexible, Cloud Run, and Kubernetes Engine
C. Compute Engine, Cloud Functions, and Kubernetes Engine
D. Cloud Functions, Cloud Run, and App Engine Flexible

5. PhotosForYouToday prints photographs and ships them to customers. The front-end application uploads photos to Cloud Storage. Currently, the back end runs a cron job that checks
Cloud Storage buckets every 10 minutes for new photos. The product manager would like to
process the photos as soon as they are uploaded. What would you use to cause processing to
start when a photo file is saved to Cloud Storage?
A. A Cloud Function
B. An App Engine Flexible application
C. A Kubernetes pod
D. A cron job that checks the bucket more frequently

6. The chief financial officer of your company believes that you are spending too much money
to run an on-premises data warehouse and wants to migrate to a managed cloud solution.
What GCP service would you recommend for implementing a new data warehouse in GCP?
A. Compute Engine
B. BigQuery
C. Cloud Dataproc
D. Cloud Bigtable

7. A government regulation requires you to keep certain financial data for seven years. You are
not likely to ever retrieve the data, and you are only keeping it to comply with regulations.
There are approximately 500 TB of financial data for each year that you are required to save.
What is the most cost-effective way to store this data?
A. Cloud Storage multiregional storage
B. Cloud Storage Nearline storage
C. Cloud Storage Archive storage
D. Cloud Storage persistent disk storage

8. Global Games Enterprises Inc. is expanding from North America to Europe. Some of the
games offered by the company collect personal information. With what additional regulation
will the company need to comply when it expands into the European market?
A. HIPAA
B. PCI-DSS
C. GDPR
D. SOX

9. Your team is developing a Tier 1 application for your company. The application will depend
on a PostgreSQL database. Team members do not have much experience with PostgreSQL
and want to implement the database in a way that minimizes their administrative responsibilities for the database. What managed service would you recommend?
A. Cloud SQL
B. Cloud Dataproc
C. Cloud Bigtable
D. Cloud PostgreSQL

10. What is a service-level indicator?
A. A metric collected to indicate how well a service-level objective is being met
B. A type of log
C. A type of notification sent to a sysadmin when an alert is triggered
D. A visualization displayed when a VM instance is down

11. Developers at MakeYouFashionable have adopted agile development methodologies. Which
tool might they use to support CI/CD?
A. Google Docs
B. Jenkins
C. Apache Cassandra
D. Clojure

12. You have a backlog of audio files that need to be processed using a custom application.
The files are stored in Cloud Storage. If the files were processed continuously on three n2-
standard-4 instances, the job could complete in two days. You have 30 days to deliver the
processed files, after which they will be sent to a client and deleted from your systems. You
would like to minimize the cost of processing. What might you do to help keep costs down?
A. Store the files in Coldline storage.
B. Store the processed files in multiregional storage.
C. Store the processed files in Cloud CDN.
D. Use preemptible VMs.

13. You have joined a startup selling supplies to visual artists. One element of the company’s
strategy is to foster a social network of artists and art buyers. The company will provide
e-commerce services for artists and earn revenue by charging a fee for each transaction. You
have been asked to collect more detailed business requirements. What might you expect as an
additional business requirement?
A. The ability to ingest streaming data
B. A recommendation system to match buyers to artists
C. Compliance with SOX regulations
D. Natural language processing of large volumes of text

14. You work for a manufacturer of specialty die cast parts for the aerospace industry. The
company has built a reputation as the leader in high-quality, specialty die cast parts, but
recently the number of parts returned for poor quality is increasing. Detailed data about the
manufacturing process is collected throughout every stage of manufacturing. To date, the
data has been collected and stored but not analyzed. There is a total of 20 TB of data. The
company has a team of analysts familiar with spreadsheets and SQL. What service might you
recommend for conducting preliminary analysis of the data?
A. Compute Engine
B. Kubernetes Engine
C. BigQuery
D. Cloud Functions

15. A client of yours wants to run an application in a highly secure environment. They want to
use instances that will only run boot components verified by digital signatures. What would
you recommend they use in Google Cloud?
A. Preemptible VMs
B. Managed instance groups
C. Cloud Functions
D. Shielded VMs

16. You have installed the Google Cloud SDK. You would now like to work on transferring files
to Cloud Storage. What command-line utility would you use?
A. bq
B. gsutil
C. cbt
D. gcloud

17. Kubernetes pods sometimes need access to persistent storage. Pods are ephemeral—they may
shut down for reasons not in control of the application running in the pod. What mechanism
does Kubernetes use to decouple pods from persistent storage?
A. PersistentVolumes
B. Deployments
C. ReplicaSets
D. Ingress

18. An application that you support has been missing service-level objectives, especially around
database query response times. You have reviewed monitoring data and determined that
a large number of database read operations is putting unexpected load on the system. The
database uses PostgreSQL, and it is running in Compute Engine. You have tuned SQL
queries, and the performance is still not meeting objectives. Of the following options, which
would you try next?
A. Migrate to a NoSQL database.
B. Move the database to Cloud SQL.
C. Use read replicas.
D. Move some of the data out of the database to Cloud Storage.

19. You are running a complicated stream processing operation using Apache Beam. You want to
start using a managed service. What GCP service would you use?
A. Cloud Dataprep
B. Cloud Dataproc
C. Cloud Dataflow
D. Cloud Identity

20. Your team has had several incidents in which Tier 1 and Tier 2 services were down for more
than one hour. After conducting a few retrospective analyses of the incidents, you have determined that you could identify the causes of incidents faster if you had a centralized log repository. What GCP service could you use for this?
A. Cloud Logging
B. Cloud Monitoring
C. Cloud SQL
D. Cloud Trace

21. A Global 2000 company has hired you as a consultant to help architect a new logistics
system. The system will track the location of parts as they are shipped between company
facilities in Europe, Africa, South America, and Australia. Anytime a user queries the database, they must receive accurate and up-to-date information; specifically, the database must
support strong consistency. Users from any facility may query the database using SQL. What
GCP service would you recommend?
A. Cloud SQL
B. BigQuery
C. Cloud Spanner
D. Cloud Dataflow

22. A database architect for a game developer has determined that a NoSQL document database
is the best option for storing players’ possessions. What GCP service would you recommend?
A. Cloud Firestore
B. Cloud Storage
C. Cloud Dataproc
D. Cloud Bigtable

23. A major news agency is seeing increasing readership across the globe. The CTO is concerned
that long page-load times will decrease readership. What might the news agency try to reduce
the page-load time of readers around the globe?
A. Regional Cloud Storage
B. Cloud CDN
C. Fewer firewall rules
D. Virtual private network

24. What networking mechanism allows different VPC networks to communicate using private
IP address space, as defined in RFC 1918?
A. ReplicaSets
B. Custom subnets
C. VPC network peering
D. Firewall rules

25. You have been tasked with setting up disaster recovery infrastructure in the cloud that will be
used if the on-premises data center is not available. What network topology would you use
for a disaster recovery environment?
A. Meshed topology
B. Mirrored topology
C. Gated egress topology
D. Gated ingress topology