1. B. Option B is correct. Bigtable is the best option for streaming IoT data, since it supports low-latency writes and is designed to scale to support petabytes of data. Option A is incorrect because Apache Cassandra is not a managed database in GCP. Option C is incorrect because BigQuery is a data warehouse. While it is a good option for analyzing large volumes of data, Bigtable is a better option for ingesting the data. Option D is incorrect. CloudSQL is a managed relational database. The use case does not require a relational database, and Bigtable’s scalability is a better fit with the requirements.
2. C. The correct answer is C. A Cloud Pub/Sub topic would decouple the front end and backend, provide a managed and scalable message queue, and store ingested data until the backend can process it. Option A is incorrect. Switching to an unmanaged instance group will mean that the instance group cannot autoscale. Option B is incorrect. You could store ingested data in Cloud Storage, but it would not be as performant as the Cloud Pub/Sub solution. Option D is incorrect because BigQuery is a data warehouse and not designed for this use case. 
3. B. The correct answer is B. IAM is used to manage roles and permissions. Option A is incorrect. Cloud Identity is a service for creating and managing identities. Option C is incorrect. There is no GCP service with that name at this time. Option D is incorrect. LDAP is not a GCP service.
4. B. The correct answer is B. You can run custom stateless containers in App Engine Flexible, Cloud Run, and Kubernetes Engine. Option A is incorrect because App Engine Standard does not support custom containers. Option C is incorrect because Compute Engine is not a managed service and Cloud Functions does not support custom containers. Option D is incorrect because Cloud Functions does not support custom containers.
5. A. The correct answer is A. A Cloud Function can respond to a create file event in Cloud Storage and start processing when the file is created. Option B is incorrect because an App Engine Flexible application cannot directly respond to a Cloud Storage write event. Option C is incorrect. Kubernetes pods are the smallest compute unit in Kubernetes and are not designed to directly respond to Cloud Storage events. Option D is incorrect because it does not guarantee that photos will be processed as soon as they are created. 
6. B. The correct answer is B. BigQuery is a managed analytics database designed to support data warehouses and similar use cases. Option A is incorrect. Compute Engine is not a managed service. Option C is incorrect. Cloud Dataproc is a managed Hadoop and Spark service. Option D is incorrect. Bigtable is a NoSQL database well suited for large-volume, low-latency writes and limited ranges of queries. It is not suitable for the kind of ad hoc querying commonly done with data warehouses. 
7. C. The correct answer is C. Cloud Storage Archive is the lowest-cost option, and it is designed for data that is accessed less than once per year. Options A and B are incorrect because they cost more than Archive storage. Option D is incorrect because there is no such service.
8. C. The correct answer is C. The GDPR is a European Union directive protecting the personal information of EU citizens. Option A is incorrect. HIPAA is a US healthcare regulation. Option B is incorrect. PCI-DS is a payment card data security regulation; if Global Games Enterprises Inc. is accepting payment cards in North America, it is already subject to that regulation. Option D is a US regulation on some publicly traded companies; the company may be subject to that regulation already, and expanding to Europe will not change its status.
9. A. The correct answer is A. Cloud SQL is a managed database service that supports PostgreSQL. Option B is incorrect. Cloud Dataproc is a managed Hadoop and Spark service. Option C is incorrect. Cloud Bigtable is a NoSQL database. Option D is incorrect. There is no service called Cloud PostgreSQL in GCP at this time. 
10. A. The correct answer is A. A service-level indicator is a metric used to measure how well a service is meeting its objectives. Options B and C are incorrect. It is not a type of log or a type of notification. Option D is incorrect. A service-level indicator is not a visualization, although the same metrics may be used to drive the display of a visualization. 
11. B. The correct answer is B. Jenkins is a popular CI/CD tool. Option A is incorrect. Google Docs is a collaboration tool for creating and sharing documents. Option C is incorrect. Cassandra is a NoSQL database. Option D is incorrect. Clojure is a Lisp-like programming language that runs on the Java virtual machine (JVM).
12. D. The correct answer is D. Use preemptible VMs, which cost significantly less than standard VMs. Option A is incorrect. Coldline storage is not appropriate for files that are actively used. Option B is incorrect. Storing files in multiregional storage will cost more than regional storage, and there is no indication from the requirements that they should be stored multiregionally. Option C is incorrect. There is no indication that the processed files need to be distributed to a global user base. 
13. B. The correct answer is B. This is an e-commerce site matching sellers and buyers, so a system that recommends artists to buyers can help increase sales. Option A is incorrect. There is no indication of any need for streaming data. Option C is incorrect. This is a startup, and it is not likely subject to SOX regulations. Option D is incorrect. There is no indication of a need to process large volumes of text.
14. C. The correct answer is C. BigQuery is an analytics database that supports SQL. Options A and B are incorrect because although they could be used to run analytics applications, such as Apache Hadoop or Apache Spark, it would require more administrative overhead. Also, the team members working on this are analysts, but there is no indication that they have the skills or desire to manage analytics platforms. Option D is incorrect. Cloud Functions is for running short programs in response to events in GCP. 
15. D. The correct answer is D. Shielded VMs include secure boot, which only runs digitally verified boot components. Option A is incorrect. Preemptible VMs are interruptible instances, but they cost less than standard VMs. Option B is incorrect. Managed instance groups are sets of identical VMs that are managed as a single entity. Option C is incorrect. Cloud Functions is a managed service for running programs in response to events in GCP. 
16. B. The correct answer is B. gsutil is the command-line utility for working with Cloud Storage. Option A is incorrect. bq is the command-line utility for working with BigQuery. Option C is incorrect. cbt is the command-line utility for working with Cloud Bigtable. Option D is incorrect. gcloud is used to work with most GCP services but not Cloud Storage. 
17. A. The correct answer is A. PersistentVolumes is Kubernetes’ way of representing storage allocated or provisioned for use by a pod. Option B is incorrect. Deployments are a type of controller consisting of pods running the same version of an application. Option C is incorrect. A ReplicaSet is a controller that manages the number of pods running in a deployment. Option D is incorrect. An Ingress is an object that controls external access to services running in a Kubernetes cluster. 
18. C. The correct answer is C. Use read replicas to reduce the number of reads against the primary persistent storage system that is supporting both reads and writes. Option A is incorrect. The application is designed to work with a relational database, and there is no indication that a NoSQL database is a better option overall. Option B is incorrect. Simply moving the database to a managed service will not change the number of read operations, which is the cause of the poor performance. Option D is incorrect. Moving data to Cloud Storage will not reduce the number of reads, and Cloud Storage does not support SQL.
19. C. The correct answer is C. Cloud Dataflow is an implementation of the Apache Beam stream processing framework. Cloud Dataflow is a fully managed service. Option A is incorrect. Cloud Dataprep is used to prepare data for analysis. Option B is incorrect. Cloud Dataproc is a managed Hadoop and Spark service. Option D is incorrect. Cloud Identity is an authentication service.
20. A. The correct answer is A. Cloud Logging is a centralized logging service. Option B is incorrect. Cloud Monitoring collects and manages performance metrics. Option C is incorrect. Cloud SQL is used for regional, relational databases. Option D is incorrect. Cloud Trace is a service for distributed tracing of application performance.
21. C. The correct answer is C. Cloud Spanner is a globally scalable, strongly consistent relational database that can be queried using SQL. Option A is incorrect because it will not scale to the global scale as Cloud Spanner will. Option B is incorrect. The requirements describe an application that will likely have frequent updates and transactions. BigQuery is designed for analytics and data warehousing. Option D is incorrect. Cloud Dataflow is a stream and batch processing service.
22. A. The correct answer is A. Cloud Firestore is a managed document NoSQL database in GCP. Option B is incorrect. Cloud Storage is an object storage system, not a document NoSQL database. Option C is incorrect. Cloud Dataproc is a managed Hadoop and Spark service. Option D is incorrect. Cloud Bigtable is a wide-column NoSQL database, not a document database.
23. B. The correct answer is B. Cloud CDN is GCP’s content delivery network, which distributes static content globally. Option A is incorrect. Reading from regional storage can still have long latencies for readers outside of the region. Option C is incorrect. Firewall rules do not impact latency in any discernible way. Option D is incorrect because VPNs are used to link on-premises networks to Google Cloud. 
24. C. The correct answer is C. VPC peering allows different VPCs to communicate using private networks. Option A is incorrect. ReplicaSets are used in Kubernetes; they are not related to VPCs. Option B is incorrect. Custom subnets define network address ranges for regions. Option D is incorrect. Firewall rules control the flow of network traffic. 
25. B. The correct answer is B. With a mirrored topology, the public cloud and private onpremises environments mirror each other. Option A is incorrect. In a mesh topology, all systems in the cloud and private networks can communicate with each other. Option C is incorrect. In a gated egress topology, on-premises service APIs are made available to applications running in the cloud without exposing them to the public Internet. Option D is incorrect. In a gated ingress topology, cloud service APIs are made available to applications running on-premises without exposing them to the public Internet. 