1. A. The correct answer is A. Each of the individuals invited to the meeting has an interest in the project. Option B is incorrect since there is no mention of compliance requirements and regulations do not typically dictate meeting structures. Options C and D are incorrect, as there is no discussion of cost or skill building.
2. B. Option B is correct. A project is part of a program, and programs span multiple departments; both exist to execute organizational strategy. Option A is incorrect because the words do mean different things. Option C is incorrect because programs are not part of projects. Option D is incorrect because projects do not refer only to software engineering efforts. 
3. D. The correct answer is D. This is an example of communicating with stakeholders and influencing their opinions about options. Option A is incorrect, as the stakeholders are not identified here. Option B is incorrect because there is no discussion of individuals’ roles and scope of interest. Option C is incorrect because the architect did not publish a plan. 
4. B. The correct answer is B. This is a change because of the introduction of a competitive product with more features. Option A is incorrect. This is not a change prompted by the actions of an individual, such as someone leaving the company. Option C is incorrect because a skills gap did not trigger the change, although there may be a skills gap on the team that now has to implement alerting. Option D is incorrect. There is no mention of economic factors, such as a recession. 
5. D. The correct answer is D. The changes were prompted by a new regulation. Option A is incorrect. This is not a change prompted by the actions of an individual, such as someone leaving the company. Option B is incorrect, as there is no mention of competitive pressures. Option C is incorrect. A skills gap did not trigger the change, although there may be a skills gap on the team that now has to implement alerting.
6. C. The correct option is C. The program manager should use a change management methodology to control and better understand changes. Option A is incorrect. A program manager may not be able to stop some changes, such as changes due to regulatory changes, without adverse consequences. Option B is incorrect because it does not solve the problem presented but may be part of a solution that includes using a change management strategy. Option D is incorrect, as cost controls will not help the program manager understand the impact of changes. 
7. B. The correct answer is B. This is an example of a digital transformation initiative that is attempting fundamental changes in the way that the company delivers value to its customers. Option A is incorrect. This is not a typical change management issue because it involves the entire enterprise introducing multiple new technologies. Option C is incorrect. The scope of this initiative is in response to more than a single competitor. Option D is incorrect. This is not a cost management initiative. 
8. B. The correct answer is B. This exercise is an attempt to identify a skills gap—in this case, mobile development skills. Option A is incorrect. This is not about defining skills needed, as that has already been done. Option C is incorrect because it is premature to develop a plan until the gaps are understood. Option D is incorrect because there is no mention of hiring additional engineers.
9. C. The correct answer is C. This is an example of developing the skills of individual contributors. Option A is incorrect. This is not about defining skills needed. Option B is incorrect. This is not about identifying skills gaps, as that has already been done. Option D is incorrect because it does not entail recruiting.
10. D. The correct answer is D. This is an example of recruiting. Option A is incorrect, as this is not about defining skills needed. Option B is incorrect. This is not about identifying skills gaps, as that has already been done. Option C is incorrect because it does not entail planning training and skill development. 
11. C. The correct answer is C. This is an example of professional services because it involves custom support and development for customers. Option A is incorrect because the customer is already acquired. Option B is incorrect because there is no marketing or sales involved. Option D is incorrect because this is a consulting engagement and not a training activity.
12. D. The correct answer is D. This is an example of training and support because those are support activities. Option A is incorrect because the customer is already acquired. Option B is incorrect because there is no marketing or sales involved. Option C is incorrect because this is not a consulting engagement.
13. B. The correct answer is B. This is an example of marketing and sales because the booth is a marketing activity. Option A is incorrect because customers are rarely acquired at trade shows. The marketing activities at a trade show may lead to customer acquisition at a later date, however. Option C is incorrect because this is not a consulting engagement. Option D is incorrect because this does not involve training and support activities. 
14. A. The correct answer is A. This is an example of resource planning because it involves prioritizing projects and programs. Options B and C are incorrect because there is no cost estimating or budgeting done in the meeting. Option D is incorrect because it does not involve expenditure approvals or reporting. 
15. D. The correct answer is D. This effort involves reporting on expenditures. Option A is incorrect because there is no review of proposed projects or discussion of priorities. Options B and C are incorrect because there is no cost estimating or budgeting done in the meeting.
