1. C. The correct answer is C. This is an example of waterfall methodology because each stage of the software development life cycle is performed once and never revisited. Option A is incorrect. Extreme programming is a type of agile methodology. Option B is incorrect because there is no tight collaboration, rapid development and deployment, and frequent testing. Option D is incorrect because the steps of the software development life cycle are not repeated with each iteration focused on defining a subset of work and identifying risks. 
2. D. The correct answer is D. This is an example of spiral methodology because each stage of the software development life cycle is repeated in a cyclical manner, and each iteration begins with scoping work and identifying risks. Option A is incorrect. Extreme programming is a type of agile methodology. Option B is incorrect because there is no tight collaboration, rapid development and deployment, and frequent testing. Option C is incorrect because the steps of the software development life cycle are repeated.
3. B. The correct answer is B. This is an example of an agile methodology because developers and stakeholders work closely together, development is done in small units of work that include frequent testing and release, and the team is able to adapt to changes in requirements without following a rigid linear or cyclical process. Option A is incorrect. Continuous integration is not an application development methodology. Option C is incorrect, this is not linear process that does not revisit earlier stages. Option D is incorrect because the steps of the software development life cycle are not repeated with each iteration focused on defining a subset of work and identifying risks.
4. A. The correct answer is A. You are incurring technical debt by making a suboptimal design and coding choice in order to meet other requirements or constraints. The code will need to be refactored in the future. Option B is incorrect. This is not an example of refactoring suboptimal code. Option C is incorrect, as there is no shifting or transferring of risk. Option D is incorrect. There is no mention that this change would improve the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of the service.
5. B. The correct answer is B. You are paying down technical debt by changing suboptimal code that was intentionally used to mitigate but not correct a bug. Option A is incorrect. This is not an example of incurring technical debt because you are not introducing suboptimal code in order to meet other requirements or constraints. Option C is incorrect. There is no shifting or transferring of risk. Option D is incorrect. There is no mention that this change would improve the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of the service.
6. B. The correct answer is B. The standard API operations are list, get, create, update, and delete. Options A, C, and D are incorrect because they are all missing at least one of the standard functions. 
7. B. The correct answer is B. The API should return a standard status code used for errors, in other words, from the 400s or 500s, no other details, in order to reduce exposing information that could pose a security risk. Option A is incorrect. 200 is the standard HTTP success code. Option C is incorrect because it does not return a standard error code. Option D is incorrect because HTTP APIs should follow broadly accepted conventions so that users of the API can process standard error messages and not have to learn application-specific error messages. 
8. A. The correct answer is A. JWTs are a standard way to make assertions securely. Option B is incorrect. API keys can be used for authentication, but they do not carry assertions. Option C is incorrect. Encryption does not specify authentication information. Option D is incorrect. HTTPS does not provide for assertions.
9. D. The correct answer is D. This is an example of rate limiting because it is putting a cap on the number of function calls allowed by a user during a specified period of time. Option A is incorrect. This is not encryption. Option B is incorrect because defense in depth requires at least two distinct security controls. Option C is incorrect. The solution does not limit privileges based on a user’s role. In this case, most users are players. They continue to have the same privileges that they had before resource limiting was put in place. 
10. A. The correct answer is A. This is an example of data-driven testing because the input data and expected output data are stated as part of the test. Option B is incorrect because this testing approach does not include two or more frameworks. Option C is incorrect because it does not include a set of detailed instructions for executing the test. Option D is incorrect. No simulator is used to generate inputs and expected outputs.
11. A. The correct answer is A. This is a lift-and-shift migration because only required changes are made to move the application to the cloud. Options B and C are incorrect because there is no new development in this migration. Option D is not a valid type of migration strategy. 
12. A. The correct answer is A. The Google Transfer Service executes jobs that specify source and target locations. It is the recommended method for transferring data from other clouds. Option B could be used, but it is not the recommended practice, so it should not be the first option considered. Option C is incorrect. The Google Transfer Service has to be installed in your data center, so it is not an option for migrating data from a public cloud. Option D is incorrect. Cloud Dataproc is a managed Hadoop and Spark service. It is not used for data migrations.
13. C. The correct answer is C. The Cloud Transfer Appliance should be used. Sending 5 PB over a 10 GB network would take approximately two months to transfer. Options A and D are not correct because they would use the 10 GB network, and that would take too long to transfer and consume network resources. Option B is incorrect. gcloud is used to manage many GCP services; it is not used to transfer data from on-premises data centers to Cloud Storage.
14. B. The correct answer is B. bq is the GCP SDK component used to manage BigQuery. Option A is incorrect. cbt is used to manage Bigtable. Option C is incorrect. gsutil is used to work with Cloud Storage. Option D is incorrect. kubectl is used to work with Kubernetes. 
15. C. The correct answer is C. gcloud is the utility that manages SDK components. Option A is incorrect. gsutil is for working with Cloud Storage. Option B is incorrect. cbt is for working with Bigtable. Option D is incorrect. bq is used for working with BigQuery.
