1. A team of developers is tasked with developing an enterprise application. They have interviewed stakeholders and collected requirements. They are now designing the system and plan
to begin implementation next. After implementation, they will verify that the application
meets specifications. They will not revise the design once coding starts. What application
development methodology is this team using?
A. Extreme programming
B. Agile methodology
C. Waterfall methodology
D. Spiral methodology

2. A team of developers is tasked with developing an enterprise application. They have interviewed stakeholders and set a scope of work that will deliver a subset of the functionality
needed. Developers and stakeholders have identified risks and ways of mitigating them. They
then proceed to gather requirements for the subset of functionalities to be implemented. That
is followed by design, implementation, and testing. There is no collaboration between developers and stakeholders until after testing, when developers review results with stakeholders
and plan the next iteration of development. What application development methodology is
this team using?
A. Extreme programming
B. Agile methodology
C. Waterfall methodology
D. Spiral methodology

3. A team of developers is tasked with developing an enterprise application. They meet daily
with stakeholders to discuss the state of the project. The developers and stakeholders have
identified a set of functionalities to be implemented over the next two weeks. After some
design work, coding begins. A new requirement is discovered, and developers and stakeholders agree to prioritize implementing a feature to address this newly discovered requirement. As developers complete small functional units of code, they test it. If the code passes
the tests, the code unit is integrated with the version-controlled codebase. What application
development methodology is this team using?
A. Continuous integration
B. Agile methodology
C. Waterfall methodology
D. Spiral methodology

4. You are a developer at a startup company that is planning to release its first version of a new
mobile service. You have discovered a design flaw that generates and sends more data to
mobile devices than is needed. This is increasing the latency of messages between mobile
devices and backend services running in the cloud. Correcting the design flaw will delay the
release of the service by at least two weeks. You decide to address the long latency problem
by coding a workaround that does not send the unnecessary data. The design flaw is still
there and is generating unnecessary data, but the service can ship under these conditions. This
is an example of what?
A. Incurring technical debt
B. Paying down technical debt
C. Shifting risk
D. Improving security

5. You are a developer at a startup company that has just released a new service. During
development, you made suboptimal coding choices to keep the project on schedule. You are
now planning your next two weeks of work, which you decide will include implementing
a feature the product manager wanted in the initial release but was postponed to a release
occurring soon after the initial release. You also include time to refactor code that was introduced to correct a bug found immediately before the planned release date. That code blocks
the worst impact of the bug, but it does not correct the flaw. Revising that suboptimal code is
an example of what?
A. Incurring technical debt
B. Paying down technical debt
C. Shifting risk
D. Improving security

6. As a developer of a backend service for managing inventory, your manager has asked you to
include a basic API for the inventory service. You plan to follow best-practice recommendations. What is the minimal set of API functions that you would include?
A. Create, read, update, and delete
B. List, get, create, update, and delete
C. Create, delete, and list
D. Create and delete

7. A junior developer asks your advice about handling errors in API functions. The developer
wants to know what kind of data and information should be in an API error message. What
would you recommend?
A. Return HTTP status 200 with additional error details in the payload.
B. Return a status code form with the standard 400s and 500s HTTP status codes with no
additional error details in the response body.
C. Return error details in the payload, and do not return a code.
D. Define your own set of application-specific error codes.

8. A junior developer asks your advice about verifying authorizations in API functions. The
developer wants to know how they can allow users of the API to make assertions about what
they are authorized to do. What would you recommend?
A. Use JSON Web Tokens (JWTs)
B. Use API keys
C. Use encryption
D. Use HTTPS instead of HTTP

9. Your startup has released a new online game that includes features that allow users to accumulate points by playing the game. Points can be used to make in-game purchases. You have
discovered that some users are using bots to play the game programmatically much faster
than humans can play the game. The use of bots is unauthorized in the game. You modify the
game API to prevent more than 10 function calls per user, per minute. This is an example of
what practice?
A. Encryption
B. Defense in depth
C. Least privileges
D. Resource limiting

10. A team of developers is creating a set of tests for a new service. The tests are defined using a
set of conditions or input values and expected output values. The tests are then executed by
reading the test data source, and for each test the software being tested is executed, and the
output is compared to the expected value. What kind of testing framework is this?
A. Data-driven testing
B. Hybrid testing
C. Keyword-driven testing
D. Model-based testing

11. Your company is moving an enterprise application to Google Cloud. The application runs on
a cluster of virtual machines, and workloads are distributed by a load balancer. Your team
considered revising the application to use containers and the Kubernetes Engine, but they
decide not to make any unnecessary changes before moving the application to the cloud. This
is an example of what migration strategy?
A. Lift and shift
B. Move and improve
C. Rebuild in the cloud
D. End of life

12. As a consultant to an insurance company migrating to the Google Cloud, you have been
asked to lead the effort to migrate data from AWS S3 to Cloud Storage. Which transfer
method would you consider first?
A. Google Transfer Service
B. gsutil command line
C. Google Transfer Appliance
D. Cloud Dataproc

13. You are a consultant to an insurance company migrating to GCP. Five petabytes of businesssensitive data need to be transferred from the on-premises data center to Cloud Storage.
You have a 10 GB network between the on-premises data center and Google Cloud. What
transfer option would you recommend?
A. gsutil
B. gcloud
C. Cloud Transfer Appliance
D. Cloud Transfer Service

14. You are migrating a data warehouse from an on-premises database to BigQuery. You would
like to write a script to perform some of the migration steps. What component of the GCP
SDK will you likely need to use to create the new data warehouse in BigQuery?
A. cbt
B. bq
C. gsutil
D. kubectl

15. You are setting up a new laptop that is configured with a standard set of tools for developers
and architects, including some GCP SDK components. You will be working extensively with
the GCP SDK and want to know specifically which components are installed and up-to-date.
What command would you run on the laptop?
A. gsutil component list
B. cbt component list
C. gcloud component list
D. bq component list
