1. A. The correct answer is A. Before migrating to the cloud, one of the first steps is understanding your own infrastructure, dependencies, compliance issues, and licensing structure. Option B is incorrect. Without an understanding of what you want from a cloud vendor, it is not possible to create a request for proposal. Option C is incorrect. It is too early to discuss licensing if you don’t understand your current licensing situation and what licensing you want to have in the cloud. Option D is incorrect. It is a reasonable thing to do as a CTO, but it is too broad of a topic, and instead discussions should be focused on understanding your infrastructure and workloads so you can complete the specific task assigned to you, which is determining how much it would cost and what the benefits of a cloud migration are.
2. B. The correct answer is B. Conducting a pilot project will provide an opportunity to learn about the cloud environment. Option A is incorrect, as applications should be migrated after data. Option C is incorrect. There is no need to migrate all identities and access controls until you understand how you will define identities, roles, and groups and if you will be integrating an existing identity provider. Option D is incorrect. There is no reason given that would warrant redesigning a relational database as part of the migration.
3. C. The correct answer is C. You should be looking for a recognition that data classification and regulation needs to be considered and addressed. Option A is incorrect. Database and network administrators will manage database configuration details when additional information on database implementations is known. Option B is incorrect. It is not necessary to specify specific firewall rules at this stage since network migration issues are still under development. Option D is incorrect. Current backup operations are not relevant to the migration plan any more than any other routine operational procedures. 
4. A. The correct answer is A. Java is a widely used, widely supported language for developing a range of applications, including enterprise applications. There is little risk moving a Java application from an on-premises platform to the cloud. All other options are considerable factors in assessing the risk of moving the application. 
5. C. The correct answer is C. Because of the strict SLAs, the database should not be down as long as would be required if a MySQL export were used. Also, the problem statement did not say what kind of relational database it is. Options A and B would leave the database unavailable longer than allowed or needed. Option D is not needed because of the small data volume, and it would require the database to be down longer than allowed by the SLA. 
6. B. The correct answer is B. This is an example of bring-your-own-license. Option A is a fictitious term. Options C and D both refer to pay based on usage in the cloud.
7. C. The correct answer is C. This is an example of pay-as-you-go licensing. Options A and D are fictitious terms. Option B is incorrect. You are not using a license that you own in this scenario.
8. C. The correct answer is C. VPCs are the highest networking abstraction and constitute a collection of network components. Options A, B, and C are wrong because they are lowerlevel components. 
9. D. The correct answer is D. It is not an RFC 1918 private address, which is within the address ranges used with subnets. Options A, B, and C are all incorrect because they are private address ranges and may be used with subnets.
10. B. The correct answer is B. Firewall rules are used to control the flow of traffic. Option A is incorrect because IAM roles are used to assign permissions to identities, such as users or service accounts. Option C is incorrect. A VPN is a network link between Google Cloud and on-premises networks. Option D is incorrect. VPCs are high-level abstractions grouping lower-level network components.
11. A. The correct answer is A. IAM roles are used to assign permissions to identities, such as users or service accounts. These permissions are assigned to roles, which are assigned to users. Option B is incorrect. Firewall rules are used to control the flow of traffic between subnets. Option C is incorrect. A VPN is a network link between Google Cloud and on-premises networks. Option D is incorrect. VPCs are high-level abstractions grouping lower-level network components.
12. A. The correct answer is A. Global load balancing is the service that would route traffic to the nearest healthy instance using Premium Network Tier. Option B is incorrect. SNMP is a management protocol, and it does not enable global routing. Options C and D are wrong because they are network services but do not enable global routing.
13. A. The correct answer is A. Global load balancing will route traffic to the nearest healthy instance. Option B is incorrect. Cloud Interconnect is a way to implement hybrid computing. Option C is incorrect. Content delivery networks are used to distribute content to reduce latency when delivering that content. Option D is incorrect. VPNs link on-premises data centers to Google Cloud. 
14. C. The correct answer is C. A content delivery network would be used to distribute video content globally to reduce network latency. Option A is incorrect. Routes are used to control traffic flow and are not directly related to reducing latency of content delivery, although a poorly configured set of routes could cause unnecessarily long latencies. Option B is incorrect. Firewalls will not reduce latency. Option D is incorrect because VPNs are used to link on-premises data centers to Google Cloud.
