1. Your midsize company has decided to assess the possibility of moving some or all of its
enterprise applications to the cloud. As the CTO, you have been tasked with determining
how much it would cost and what the benefits of a cloud migration would be. What would
you do first?
A. Take inventory of applications and infrastructure, document dependencies, and identify
compliance and licensing issues.
B. Create a request for proposal from cloud vendors.
C. Discuss cloud licensing issues with enterprise software vendors.
D. Interview department leaders to identify their top business pain points.

2. You are working with a colleague on a cloud migration plan. Your colleague would like to
start migrating data. You have completed an assessment but no other preparation work.
What would you recommend before migrating data?
A. Migrating applications
B. Conducting a pilot project
C. Migrating all identities and access controls
D. Redesigning relational data models for optimal performance

3. As the CTO of your company, you are responsible for approving a cloud migration plan for
services that include a wide range of data. You are reviewing a proposed plan that includes a
data migration plan. Network and security plans are being developed in parallel and are not
yet complete. What should you look for as part of the data migration plan?
A. Database configuration details, including IP addresses and port numbers
B. Specific firewall rules to protect databases
C. An assessment of data classifications and regulations relevant to the data to be migrated
D. A detailed description of current backup operations

4. A client of yours is prioritizing applications to move to the cloud. One system written in Java
is a Tier 1 production system that must be available 24/7; it depends on three Tier 2 services
that are running on premises, and two other Tier 1 applications depend on it. Which of these
factors is least important from a risk assessment perspective?
A. The application is written in Java.
B. The application must be available 24/7.
C. The application depends on three Tier 2 services.
D. Two other Tier 1 applications depend on it.

5. As part of a cloud migration, you will be migrating a relational database to the cloud. The
database has strict SLAs, and it should not be down for more than a few seconds a month.
The data stores approximately 500 GB of data, and your network has 100 Gbps bandwidth.
What method would you consider first to migrate this database to the cloud?
A. Use a third-party backup and restore application.
B. Use the MySQL data export program and copy the export file to the cloud.
C. Set up a replica of the database in the cloud, synchronize the data, and then switch
traffic to the instance in the cloud.
D. Transfer the data using the Google Transfer Appliance.

6. Your company is running several third-party enterprise applications. You are reviewing the
licenses and find that they are transferrable to the cloud, so you plan to take advantage of
that option. This form of licensing is known as which one of the following?
A. Compliant licensing
B. Bring-your-own-license
C. Pay-as-you-go license
D. Metered pricing

7. Your company is running several third-party enterprise applications. You are reviewing the
licenses and find that they are not transferrable to the cloud. You research your options and
see that the vendor offers an option to pay based on your level of use of the application in
the cloud. What is this option called?
A. Compliant licensing
B. Bring-your-own-license
C. Pay-as-you-go license
D. Incremental payment licensing

8. You have been asked to brief executives on the networking aspects of the cloud migration.
You want to begin at the highest level of abstraction and then drill down into lower-level
components. What topic would you start with?
A. Routes
B. Firewalls
C. VPCs
D. VPNs

9. You have created a VPC in Google Cloud, and subnets were created automatically. What
range of IP addresses would you not expect to see in use with the subnets?
A. 10.0.0.0 to 10.255.255.255
B. 172.16.0.0 to 172.31.255.255
C. 192.168.0.0 to 192.168.255.255
D. 201.1.1.0 to 201.2.1.0

10. During migration planning, you learn that traffic to the subnet containing a set of databases
must be restricted. What mechanism would you plan to use to control the flow of traffic
to a subnet?
A. IAM roles
B. Firewall rules
C. VPNs
D. VPCs

11. During migration planning, you learn that some members of the network management team
will need the ability to manage all network components, but others on the team will only
need read access to view the state of the network. What mechanism would you plan to use to
control the user access?
A. IAM roles
B. Firewall rules
C. VPNs
D. VPCs

12. Executives in your company have decided that the company should not route its GCP-only
traffic over public internet networks. What Google Cloud service would you plan to use to
geographically distribute the workload of an enterprise application?
A. Global load balancing
B. Simple network management protocol
C. Content delivery network
D. VPNs

13. Executives in your company have decided to expand operations from just North America to
Europe as well. Applications will be run in several regions. All users should be routed to the
nearest healthy server running the application they need. What Google Cloud service would
you plan to use to meet this requirement?
A. Global load balancing
B. Cloud Interconnect
C. Content delivery network
D. VPNs

14. Executives in your company have decided that the company should expand its service offerings to a global market. Your company distributes educational video content online. Maintaining low latency is a top concern. What type of network service would you expect to use
to ensure low-latency access to content from around the globe?
A. Routes
B. Firewall rules
C. Content delivery network
D. VPNs
