1. B. The correct answer is B. Business requirements are high-level, business-oriented requirements that are rarely satisfied by meeting a single technical requirement. Option A is incorrect because business sponsors rarely have sufficient understanding of technical requirements to provide a comprehensive list. Option C is incorrect because business requirements constrain technical options but should not be in conflict. Option D is incorrect because there is rarely a clear consensus on all requirements. Part of an architect’s job is to help stakeholders reach a consensus.
2. B. The correct answer is B. Managed services relieve DevOps work, preemptible machines cost significantly less than standard VMs, and autoscaling reduces the chances of running unnecessary resources. Options A and D are incorrect because access controls will not help reduce costs, but they should be used anyway. Options C and D are incorrect because there is no indication that a NoSQL database should be used. 
3. A. The correct answer is A. CI/CD supports small releases, which are easier to debug and enable faster feedback. Option B is incorrect, as CI/CD does not use only preemptible machines. Option C is incorrect because CI/CD works well with agile methodologies. Option D is incorrect, as there is no limit to the number of times new versions of code can be released. 
4. B. The correct answer is B. The finance director needs to have access to documents for seven years. This requires durable storage. Option A is incorrect because the access does not have to be highly available; as long as the finance director can access the document in a reasonable period of time, the requirement can be met. Option C is incorrect because reliability is a measure of being available to meet workload demands successfully. Option D is incorrect because the requirement does not specify the need for increasing and decreasing storage to meet the requirement.
5. C. The correct answer is C. An incident in the context of IT operations and service reliability is a disruption that degrades or stops a service from functioning. Options A and B are incorrect—incidents are not related to scheduling. Option D is incorrect; in this context, incidents are about IT services, not personnel.
6. D. The correct answer is D. HIPAA governs, among other things, privacy and data protections for private medical information. Option A is incorrect, as GDPR is a European Union regulation. Option B is incorrect, as SOX is a U.S. financial reporting regulation. Option C is incorrect, as PCI DSS is a payment card industry regulation. 
7. C. The correct answer is C. Cloud Spanner is a globally consistent, horizontally scalable relational database. Option A is incorrect. Cloud Storage does not support SQL. Option B is incorrect because BigQuery is an analytical database used for data warehousing and related operations. Option D is incorrect; Microsoft SQL Server is a Cloud SQL database option, and Cloud SQL is a managed database, but Cloud SQL scales regionally, not globally. 
8. A. The correct answer is A. Cloud Firestore is a managed document database and a good fit for storing documents. Option B is incorrect because Cloud Spanner is a relational database and globally scalable. There is no indication that the developer needs a globally scalable solution, which implies higher cost. Option C is incorrect, as Cloud Storage is an object storage system, not a managed database. Option D is incorrect because BigQuery is an analytical database designed for data warehousing and similar applications. 
9. C. The correct answer is C. VPCs isolate cloud resources from resources in other VPCs, unless VPCs are intentionally linked. Option A is incorrect because a CIDR block has to do with subnet IP addresses. Option B is incorrect, as direct connections are for transmitting data between a data center and Google Cloud—it does not protect resources in the cloud. Option D is incorrect because Cloud Pub/Sub is a messaging service, not a networking service.
10. C. The correct answer is C. Cloud SQL offers a managed MySQL service. Options A and B are incorrect, as neither is a database. Cloud Dataproc is a managed Hadoop and Spark service. Cloud Dataflow is a stream and batch processing service. Option D is incorrect, because PostgreSQL is another relational database, but it is not a managed service. PostgreSQL is an option in Cloud SQL, however.
11. C. The correct answer is C. In Compute Engine, you create virtual machines and choose which operating system to run. All other requirements can be realized in App Engine.
12. A. The correct answer is A. Cloud Bigtable is a scalable, wide-column database designed for low-latency writes, making it a good choice for time-series data. Option B is incorrect because BigQuery is an analytic database not designed for the high volume of low-latency writes that will need to be supported. Options C and D are not managed databases.
13. D. The correct answer is D. Cloud Storage Archive class is the most cost-effective option and meets durability requirements. Option C is incorrect; Cloud Storage Nearline class would meet durability requirements, but since the videos are likely accessed less than once per year, Cloud Storage Archive class would meet durability requirements and cost less. Options A and B are incorrect because videos are large binary objects best stored in object storage, not an analytical database such as BigQuery.
14. B. The correct answer is B. This is a typical use case for BigQuery, and it fits well with its capabilities as an analytic database. Option A is incorrect, as Cloud Spanner is best used for transaction processing on a global scale. Options C and D are not managed databases. Cloud Storage is an object storage service; Cloud Dataprep is a tool for preparing data for analysis.
15. C. The correct answer is C. Cloud Monitoring collects metrics, and Cloud Logging collects event data from infrastructure, services, and other applications that provide insight into the state of those systems. Cloud Build and Artifact Registry are important CI/CD services. Cloud Pub/Sub is a messaging service, Cloud Dataflow is a batch and stream processing service, and Cloud Storage is an object storage system; none of these directly supports improved observability. 