1. You have been tasked with interviewing line-of-business owners about their needs for a new
cloud application. Which of the following do you expect to find?
A. A comprehensive list of defined business and technical requirements
B. That their business requirements do not have a one-to-one correlation with technical
requirements
C. Business and technical requirements in conflict
D. Clear consensus on all requirements

2. You have been asked by stakeholders to suggest ways to reduce operational expenses as part
of a cloud migration project. Which of the following would you recommend?
A. Managed services, preemptible machines, access controls
B. Managed services, preemptible machines, autoscaling
C. NoSQL databases, preemptible machines, autoscaling
D. NoSQL databases, preemptible machines, access controls

3. Some executives are questioning your recommendation to employ continuous integration/
continuous delivery (CI/CD). What reasons would you give to justify your recommendation?
A. CI/CD supports small releases, which are easier to debug and enable faster feedback.
B. CI/CD is used only with preemptible machines and therefore saves money.
C. CI/CD fits well with waterfall methodology but not agile methodologies.
D. CI/CD limits the number of times code is released.

4. The finance director has asked your advice about complying with a document retention regulation. What kind of service-level objective (SLO) would you recommend to ensure that the
finance director will be able to retrieve sensitive documents for at least the next seven years?
When a document is needed, the finance director will have up to seven days to retrieve it. The
total storage required will be approximately 100 TB.
A. High availability SLO
B. Durability SLO
C. Reliability SLO
D. Scalability SLO

5. You are facilitating a meeting of business and technical managers to solicit requirements for
a cloud migration project. The term incident comes up several times. Some of the business
managers are unfamiliar with this term in the context of IT. How would you describe
an incident?
A. A disruption in the ability of a DevOps team to complete work on time
B. A disruption in the ability of the business managers to approve a project plan on
schedule
C. A disruption that causes a service to be degraded or unavailable
D. A personnel problem on the DevOps team

6. You have been asked to consult on a cloud migration project that includes moving private
medical information to a storage system in the cloud. The project is for a company in
the United States. What regulation would you suggest that the team review during the
requirements-gathering stages?
A. General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR)
B. Sarbanes–Oxley (SOX)
C. Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS)
D. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)

7. You are in the early stages of gathering business and technical requirements. You have
noticed several references about needing up-to-date and consistent information regarding
product inventory and support for SQL reporting tools. Inventory is managed on a global
scale, and the warehouses storing inventory are located in North America, Africa, Europe,
and Asia. Which managed database solution in Google Cloud would you include in your set
of options for an inventory database?
A. Cloud Storage
B. BigQuery
C. Cloud Spanner
D. Microsoft SQL Server

8. A developer at Mountkirk Games is interested in how architects decide which database to
use. The developer describes a use case that requires a document store. The developer would
rather not manage database servers or have to run backups. What managed service would
you suggest the developer consider?
A. Cloud Firestore
B. Cloud Spanner
C. Cloud Storage
D. BigQuery

9. Members of your company’s legal team are concerned about using a public cloud service
because other companies, organizations, and individuals will be running their systems in
the same cloud. You assure them that your company’s resources will be isolated and not
network-accessible to others because of what networking resource in Google Cloud?
A. CIDR blocks
B. Direct connections
C. Virtual private clouds
D. Cloud Pub/Sub

10. A startup has recently migrated to Google Cloud using a lift-and-shift migration. They are
now considering replacing a self-managed MySQL database running in Compute Engine with
a managed service. Which Google Cloud service would you recommend that they consider?
A. Cloud Dataproc
B. Cloud Dataflow
C. Cloud SQL
D. PostgreSQL

11. Which of the following requirements from a customer make you think the application should
run in Compute Engine and not App Engine?
A. Dynamically scale up or down based on workload
B. Connect to a database
C. Run a hardened Linux distro on a virtual machine
D. Don’t lose data

12. Mountkirk Games wants to store player game data in a time-series database. Which Google
Cloud managed database would you recommend?
A. Bigtable
B. BigQuery
C. Cloud Storage
D. Cloud Dataproc

13. The original video captured during helicopter races by the Helicopter Racing League are
transcoded and stored for frequent access. The original captured videos are not used for
viewing but are stored in case they are needed for unanticipated reasons. The files require
high durability but are not likely to be accessed more than once in a five-year period. What
type of storage would you use for the original video files?
A. BigQuery Long Term Storage
B. BigQuery Active Storage
C. Cloud Storage Nearline class
D. Cloud Storage Archive class

14. The game analytics platform for Mountkirk Games requires analysts to be able to query up
to 10 TB of data. What is the best managed database solution for this requirement?
A. Cloud Spanner
B. BigQuery
C. Cloud Storage
D. Cloud Dataprep

15. EHR Healthcare business requirements frequently discuss the need to improve observability
in their systems. Which of the following Google Cloud Platform services could be used to
help improve observability?
A. Cloud Build and Artifact Registry
B. Cloud Pub/Sub and Cloud Dataflow
C. Cloud Monitoring and Cloud Logging
D. Cloud Storage and Cloud Pub/Sub