1. B. Option B is correct. The amount of data generated per vehicle, which is determined by the amount and frequency of data collected by each sensor on the vehicle, is the most likely to impact data size and processing. Network connectivity will also affect compute load if connectivity is unreliable, which leads to periods when data is not transmitted and will have to be sent in larger batches at a later time. The total amount of computing workload will not change but will be delayed when that workload is processed. Option A is incorrect because the volume of data related to dealers and customers is not going to be as large as the data generated by vehicles. Also, the number of dealers is in the hundreds while the number of vehicles is in the millions. Option C is the type of storage used and does not influence the amount of data the application needs to manage, or the amount of computing resources needed. Option D, compliance and regulations, may have some effect on security controls and monitoring, but it will not influence compute and storage resources in a significant way.
2. A, C. Options A and C are correct. Both multiregional cloud storage and CDNs distribute data across a geographic area. Option B is incorrect because Coldline storage is used for long-term storage. Option D is incorrect because Cloud Pub/Sub is a messaging queue, not a storage system. Option E is a managed service for batch and stream processing. 
3. B. Option B is correct. High volumes of time-series data need low-latency writes and scalable storage. Time-series data is not updated after it is collected. This makes Bigtable, a wide-column data store with low-latency writes, the best option. Option A is wrong because BigQuery is an analytic database designed for data warehousing. Option C is wrong because Cloud Spanner is a global relational database. Write times would not be as fast as they would be using Bigtable, and the use case does not take advantage of Cloud Spanner’s strong consistency in a horizontally scalable relational database. Option D is not a good option because it is an object store, and it is not designed for large volumes of individual time-series data points. 
4. A. Option A is correct. Cloud Dataflow is a batch and stream processing service that can be used for transforming data before it is loaded into a data warehouse. Option C is incorrect; Cloud Dataprep is used to prepare data for analysis and machine learning. Option B, Cloud Dataproc, is a managed Hadoop and Spark service, not a data cleaning and preparing service. Option D, Cloud Datastore, is a document database, not a data processing service.
5. C. The correct answer is C, write data to a Cloud Pub/Sub topic. The data can accumulate there as the application processes the data. No data is lost because Pub/Sub will scale as needed. Option A is not a good option because local storage does not scale. Option B is not a good choice because caches are used to provide low-latency access to data that is frequently accessed. Cloud Memorystore does not scale as well as Cloud Pub/Sub, and it may run out of space. Option D is not a good choice because tuning will require developers to invest potentially significant amounts of time without any guarantee of solving the problem. Also, even with optimizations, even larger spikes in data ingestion could result in the same problem of the processing application not being able to keep up with the rate at which data is arriving. 
6. B. Option B is correct. Using Cloud Dataproc will reduce the costs of managing the Spark cluster, while using preemptible VMs will reduce the compute charges. Option A is not the best option because you will have to manage the Spark cluster yourself, which will increase the total cost of ownership. Option C is incorrect because Cloud Data Fusion is a data integration service, not a managed Spark service. Option D is incorrect because Cloud Memorystore does not reduce the cost of running Apache Spark and managing a cluster in Compute Engine is not the most cost-effective.
7. C. The relevant health regulation is HIPAA, which regulates healthcare data in the United States. Option A is incorrect, as GDPR is a European Union privacy regulation. Option B is incorrect, as SOX is a regulation that applies to the financial industry. Option D is incorrect, because the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard does not apply to healthcare data.
8. B. Option B is correct. Message digests are used to detect changes in files. Option A is incorrect because firewall rules block network traffic and are not related to detecting changes to data. Options C and D are important for controlling access to data, but they are not directly related to detecting changes to data.
9. B. B is correct. Cloud KMS allows the customer to manage keys used to encrypt secret data. The requirements for the other categories are met by GCP’s default encryption-at-rest practice. Public data does not need to be encrypted, but there is no additional cost or overhead for having it encrypted at rest. Option A would meet the security requirements, but it would involve managing keys for more data than is necessary, and that would increase administrative overhead and operating costs. Option C does not meet the requirements of secret data. Option D is a terrible choice. Encryption algorithms are difficult to develop and potentially vulnerable to cryptanalysis attacks. It would cost far more to develop a strong encryption algorithm than to use Cloud KMS and default encryption.
10. C. The correct answer is C. Data that is not queried does not need to be in the database to meet business requirements. If the data is needed, it can be retrieved from other storage systems, such as Cloud Storage. Exporting and deleting data will reduce the amount of data in tables and improve performance. Since the data is rarely accessed, it is a good candidate for Archive storage. Options A and B are incorrect because scaling either vertically or horizontally will increase costs more than the cost of storing the data in archival storage. Option D is incorrect because multiregional storage is more expensive than Archive storage and multiregion access is not needed.
11. B. Option B is correct. The manager does not have an accurate cost estimate of supporting the applications if operational support costs are not considered. The manager should have an accurate estimate of TCO before proceeding. Option A is incorrect because the manager does not have an accurate estimate of all costs. Option C is incorrect because it does not address the reliability issues with the applications. Option D may be a reasonable option, but if managed services meet the requirements, using them will solve the reliability issues faster than developing new applications.
12. B. Option B is the best answer because it is a measure of how much customers are engaged in the game and playing. If average time played goes down, this is an indicator that customers are losing interest in the game. If the average time played goes up, they are more engaged and interested in the game. Options A and D are incorrect because revenue does not necessarily correlate with customer satisfaction. Also, it may not correlate with how much customers played the game if revenue is based on monthly subscriptions, for example. Option C is wrong because a year is too long a time frame for detecting changes as rapidly as one can with a weekly measure.
13. C. Option C is correct. In stream processing applications that collect data for a time and then produce summary or aggregated data, there needs to be a limit on how long the processor waits for late-arriving data before producing results. Options A and B are incorrect because you do not need to know requirements for data lifecycle management or access controls to the database at this point, since your focus is on ingesting raw data and writing statistics to the database. Option D is incorrect. An architect should provide that list to a project manager, not the other way around. 
14. A. The correct option is A. Data Catalog is a managed service for metadata. Option B is incorrect, as Dataprep is a tool for preparing data for analysis and machine learning. Option C is incorrect, as Dataproc is a managed Hadoop and Spark service. Option D is incorrect because BigQuery is a database service designed for analytic databases and data warehousing.
15. B. The correct option is B. Cloud Spanner is a horizontally scalable relational database that provides strong consistency, SQL, and scales to a global level. Options A and C are incorrect because they do not support SQL. Option D is incorrect because an inventory system is a transaction processing system, and BigQuery is designed for analytic, not transaction processing, systems and does not guarantee strong consistency. 
16. B. Option B is correct. An API would allow dealers to access up-to-date information and allow them to query only for the data that they need. Dealers do not need to know implementation details of TerramEarth’s database. Options A and C are incorrect because nightly extracts or exports would not give access to up-to-date data, which could change during the day. Option D is incorrect because it requires the dealers to understand how to query a relational database. Also, it is not a good practice to grant direct access to important business databases to people or services outside the company. 
17. B. The correct option is B. Cloud Storage is an object storage system well suited to storing unstructured data. Option A is incorrect because Cloud SQL provides relational databases that are used for structured data. Option C is incorrect because Cloud Datastore is a NoSQL document database used with flexible schema data. Option D is incorrect, as Bigtable is a wide-column database that is not suitable for unstructured data.
18. A. Option A is correct. Cloud Pub/Sub is designed to provide messaging services and fits this use case well. Options B and D are incorrect because although you may be able to implement asynchronous message exchange using those storage systems, it would be inefficient and require more code than using Cloud Pub/Sub. Option C is incorrect because this would require both the sending and receiving services to run on the same VM. 
19. C. The correct answer is C. Cloud AutoML is a managed service for building machine learning models. TerramEarth’s data could be used to build a predictive model using AutoML. Options A and D are incorrect—they are databases and do not have the tools for building predictive models. Option B is wrong because Cloud Dataflow is a stream and batch processing service.
20. A. The correct answer is A. Cloud Data Fusion is a code-free ETL service. Cloud BigQuery is an analytical database for data warehousing and related analytics. Cloud Data Catalog is a metadata management service. Cloud Pub/Sub is a messaging service, not an ETL tool.
