1. In the TerramEarth case study, the volume of data and compute load will be most affected by
what characteristics of the TerramEarth systems?
A. The number of dealers and customers
B. The number of vehicles, the number of sensors on vehicles, network connectivity, and
the types of data collected
C. The type of storage used
D. Compliance with regulations

2. You have received complaints from customers about long wait times while loading application pages in their browsers, especially pages with several images. Your director has tasked
you with reducing latency when accessing and transmitting data to a client device outside the
cloud. Which of the following would you use? (Choose two.)
A. Multiregional storage
B. Coldline storage
C. CDN
D. Cloud Pub/Sub
E. Cloud Dataflow

3. Mountkirk Games will analyze game players’ usage patterns. This will require collecting
time-series data including game state. What database would be a good option for doing this?
A. BigQuery
B. Bigtable
C. Cloud Spanner
D. Cloud Storage

4. You have been hired to consult with a new data warehouse team. They are struggling to meet
schedules because they repeatedly find problems with data quality and must write preprocessing scripts to clean the data. What managed service would you recommend for addressing
these problems?
A. Cloud Dataflow
B. Cloud Dataproc
C. Cloud Dataprep
D. Cloud Datastore

5. You have deployed an application that receives data from sensors on manufacturing equipment. Sometimes more data arrives than can be processed by the current set of Compute
Engine instances. Business managers do not want to run additional VMs. What changes could
you make to ensure that data is not lost because it cannot be processed as it is sent from the
equipment? Assume that business managers want the lowest-cost solution.
A. Write data to local SSDs on the Compute Engine VMs.
B. Write data to Cloud Memorystore and have the application read data from the cache.
C. Write data from the equipment to a Cloud Pub/Sub queue and have the application read
data from the queue.
D. Tune the application to run faster.

6. Your company uses Apache Spark for data science applications. Your manager has asked you
to investigate running Spark in the cloud. Your manager’s goal is to lower the overall cost of
running and managing Spark. What would you recommend?
A. Run Apache Spark in Compute Engine.
B. Use Cloud Dataproc with preemptible virtual machines.
C. Use Cloud Data Fusion.
D. Use Cloud Memorystore with Apache Spark running in Compute Engine.

7. You are working with a U.S. hospital to extract data from a legacy electronic health record
(EHR) system. The hospital has offered to provide business requirements, but there is little
information about regulations in the documented business requirements. What regulations
would you look to for more guidance on complying with relevant regulations?
A. GDPR
B. SOX
C. HIPAA
D. PCI DSS

8. What security control can be used to help detect changes to data?
A. Firewall rules
B. Message digests
C. Authentication
D. Authorization

9. Your company has a data classification scheme for categorizing data as secret, sensitive,
private, and public. There are no confidentiality requirements for public data. All other data
must be encrypted at rest. Secret data must be encrypted with keys that the company controls. Sensitive and private data can be encrypted with keys managed by a third party. Data
will be stored in GCP. What would you recommend to meet these requirements while minimizing cost and administrative overhead?
A. Use Cloud KMS to manage keys for all data.
B. Use Cloud KMS for secret data and Google default encryption for other data.
C. Use Google default encryption for all data.
D. Use a custom encryption algorithm for all data.

10. You manage a service with several databases. The queries to the relational database are
increasing in latency. Reducing the amount of data in tables will improve performance and
reduce latency. The application administrator has determined that approximately 60 percent
of the data in the database is more than 90 days old and has never been queried and does
not need to be in the database. You are required to keep the data for five years in case it is
requested by auditors. What would you propose to decrease query latency without increasing
costs—or at least keeping any cost increases to a minimum?
A. Horizontally scale the relational database.
B. Vertically scale the relational database.
C. Export data more than 90 days old, store it in Cloud Storage Archive class storage, and
delete that data from the relational database.
D. Export data more than 90 days old, store it in Cloud Storage multiregional class storage,
and delete that data from the relational database.

11. Your company is running several custom applications that were written by developers who
are no longer with the company. The applications frequently fail. The DevOps team is paged
more for these applications than any others. You propose replacing those applications with
several managed services in GCP. A manager who is reviewing your cost estimates for using
managed services in GCP notes that the cost of the managed services will be more than what
they pay for internal servers. What would you recommend as the next step for the manager?
A. Nothing. The manager is correct—the costs are higher. You should reconsider your recommendation.
B. Suggest that the manager calculate total cost of ownership, which includes the cost to
support the applications as well as infrastructure costs.
C. Recommend running the custom applications in Compute Engine to lower costs.
D. Recommend rewriting the applications to improve reliability.

12. A director at an online gaming startup has asked for your recommendation on how to measure the success of the migration to GCP. The director is particularly interested in customer
satisfaction. What KPIs would you recommend?
A. Average revenue per customer per month
B. Average time played per customer per week
C. Average time played per customer per year
D. Average revenue per customer per year

13. Mountkirk Games is implementing a player analytics system. You have been asked to document requirements for a stream processing system that will ingest and preprocess data before
writing it to the database. The preprocessing system will collect data about each player for
one minute and then write a summary of statistics about that database. The project manager
has provided the list of statistics to calculate and a rule for calculating values for missing
data. What other business requirements would you ask of the project manager?
A. How long to store the data in the database?
B. What roles and permissions should be in place to control read access to data in the database?
C. How long to wait for late-arriving data?
D. A list of managed services that can be used in this project.

14. A new data warehouse project is about to start. The data warehouse will collect data from
14 different sources initially, but this will likely grow over the next 6 to 12 months. What
managed GCP service would you recommend for managing metadata about the data warehouse sources?
A. Data Catalog
B. Cloud Dataprep
C. Cloud Dataproc
D. BigQuery

15. You are consulting for a multinational company that is moving its inventory system to GCP.
The company wants to use a managed database service, and it requires SQL and strong
consistency. The database should be able to scale to global levels. What service would you
recommend?
A. Bigtable
B. Cloud Spanner
C. Cloud Datastore
D. BigQuery

16. TerramEarth has interviewed dealers to better understand their needs regarding data. Dealers
would like to have access to the latest data available, and they would like to minimize the
amount of data they have to store in their databases and object storage systems. How would
you recommend that TerramEarth provide data to their dealers?
A. Extract dealer data to a CSV file once per night during off-business hours and upload it
to a Cloud Storage bucket accessible to the dealer.
B. Create an API that dealers can use to retrieve specific pieces of data on an as-needed
basis.
C. Create a database dump using the database export tool so that dealers can use the database import tool to load the data into their databases.
D. Create a user account on the database for each dealer and have them log into the database to run their own queries.

17. Your company has large volumes of unstructured data stored on several network-attached
storage systems. The maintenance costs are increasing, and management would like to consider alternatives. What GCP storage system would you recommend?
A. Cloud SQL
B. Cloud Storage
C. Cloud Datastore
D. Bigtable

18. A customer-facing application is built using a microservices architecture. One of the services
does not scale as fast as the service that sends it data. This causes the sending service to wait
while the other service processes the data. You would like to change the integration to use
asynchronous instead of synchronous calls. What is one way to do this?
A. Create a Cloud Pub/Sub topic, have the sending service write data to the topic, and have
the receiving service read from the topic.
B. Create a Cloud Storage bucket, have the sending service write data to the topic, and
have the receiving service read from the topic.
C. Have the sending service write data to local drives, and have the receiving service read
from those drives.
D. Create a Bigtable database, have the sending service write data to the topic, and have the
receiving service read from the topic.

19. A key initiative at TerramEarth is to use the data that is collected from vehicles to predict
when equipment will break down. What managed services would you recommend TerramEarth to consider?
A. Bigtable
B. Cloud Dataflow
C. Cloud AutoML
D. Cloud Spanner

20. A team of data scientists is more proficient with statistics than with coding extraction, transformation and loading pipelines. The data scientists would like to use a managed service specifically designed for ETL. What GCP service would you recommend?
A. Cloud Data Fusion
B. Cloud BigQuery
C. Cloud Data Catalog
D. Cloud Pub/Sub
