1. A. The correct answer is A. Redundancy is a general strategy for improving availability.Option B is incorrect because lowering network latency will not improve availability of thedata storage system. Options C and D are incorrect because there is no indication that eithera NoSQL or a relational database will meet the overall storage requirements of the systembeing discussed.
2. C. The minimum percentage availability that meets the requirements is option C, whichallows for up to 14.4 minutes of downtime per day. All other options would allow for lessdowntime, but that is not called for by the requirements.
3. B. The correct answer is B. A code review is a software engineering practice that requires anengineer to review code with another engineer before deploying it. Option A would not solvethe problem, as continuous integration reduces the amount of effort required to deploy newversions of software. Options C and D are both security controls, which would not help identify misconfigurations.
4. B. The correct answer is B, Live migration, which moves running VMs to different physicalservers without interrupting the state of the VM. Option A is incorrect because preemptibleVMs are low-cost VMs that may be taken back by Google at any time. Option C is incorrect,as canary deployments are a type of deployment—not a feature of Compute Engine. OptionD is incorrect, as arrays of disks are not directly involved in preserving the state of a VM andmoving the VM to a functioning physical server.
5. D. Option D is correct. When a health check fails, the failing VM is replaced by a new VMthat is created using the instance group template to configure the new VM. Options A and Care incorrect, as TTL is not used to detect problems with application functioning. Option B isincorrect because the application is not shut down when a health check fails.
6. B. The correct answer is B. Creating instance groups in multiple regions and routing workload to the closest region using global load balancing will provide the most consistent experience for users in different geographic regions. Option A is incorrect because Cloud Spanneris a relational database and does not affect how game backend services are run except fordatabase operations. Option C is incorrect, as routing traffic over the public internet meanstraffic will experience the variance of public internet routes between regions. Option D isincorrect. A cache will reduce the time needed to read data, but it will not affect networklatency when that data is transmitted from a game backend to the player’s device.
7. D. The correct answer is D. Users do not need to make any configuration changes whenusing Cloud Storage or Cloud Filestore. Both are fully managed services. Options A andC are incorrect because TTLs do not need to be set to ensure high availability. OptionsB and C are incorrect because users do not need to specify a health check for managedstorage services.
8. B. The best answer is B. BigQuery is a serverless, fully managed analytic database that usesSQL for querying. Options A and C are incorrect because both Bigtable and Cloud Datastoreare NoSQL databases. Option D, Cloud Storage, is not a database, and it does not meet mostof the requirements listed.
9. C. The correct answer is C. Primary-primary replication keeps both clusters synchronizedwith write operations so that both clusters can respond to queries. Options A, B, and D arenot actual replication options.
10. B. Option B is correct. A redundant network connection would mitigate the risk of losingconnectivity if a single network connection went down. Option A is incorrect, as firewallrules are a security control and would not mitigate the risk of network connectivity failures.Option C may help with compute availability, but it does not improve network availability.Option D does not improve availability, and additional bandwidth is not needed.
11. C. The correct answer is C. Cloud Monitoring should be used to monitor applications andinfrastructure to detect early warning signs of potential problems with applications or infrastructure. Option A is incorrect because access controls are a security control and not relatedto directly improving availability. Option B is incorrect because managed services may notmeet all requirements and so should not be required in a company’s standards. Option Dis incorrect because collecting and storing performance monitoring data does not improveavailability.
12. C. The correct answer is C. The two applications have different scaling requirements. Thecompute-intensive backend may benefit from VMs with a large number of CPUs that wouldnot be needed for web serving. Also, the front end may be able to reduce the number ofinstances when users are not actively using the user interface, but long compute jobs may stillbe running in the background. Options A and B are false statements. Option D is incorrectfor the reasons explained in reference to Option C.
13. C. The correct answer is C. The autoscaler may be adding VMs because it has not waitedlong enough for recently added VMs to start and begin to take on load. Options A and Bare incorrect because changing the minimum and maximum number of VMs in the groupdoes not affect the rate at which VMs are added or removed. Option D is incorrect becauseit reduces the time available for new instances to initialize, so it may actually make theproblem worse.
14. C. The correct answer is C. If the server is shut down without a cleanup script, then data thatwould otherwise be copied to Cloud Storage could be lost when the VM shuts down. OptionA is incorrect because buckets do not have a fixed amount of storage. Option B is incorrectbecause, if it were true, the service would not function for all users—not just several of them.Option D is incorrect because if there was a connectivity failure between the VM and CloudStorage, there would be more symptoms of such a failure.
15. B. The correct answer is B. The requirements are satisfied by the Kubernetes containerorchestration capabilities. Option A is incorrect, as Cloud Functions do not run containers. Option C is incorrect because Cloud Dataproc is a managed service for Hadoop andSpark. Option D is incorrect, as Cloud Dataflow is a managed service for stream and batchprocessing using the Apache Beam model.
16. A. The correct answer is A. BigQuery should be used for an analytics database. Partitioningallows the query processor to limit scans to partitions that might have the data selected ina query. Options B and D are incorrect because Bigtable does not support SQL. Options Cand D are incorrect because federation is a way of making data from other sources availablewithin a database—it does not limit the data scanned in the way that partitioning does.
17. B. The correct answer is B. Mean time between failures is a measure of reliability. Option Ais a measure of how long it takes to recover from a disruption. Options C and D are incorrect because the time between deployments or errors is not directly related to reliability.
18. A. The correct answer is A. Request success rate is a measure of how many requests weresuccessfully satisfied. Option B is incorrect because at least some instances of an applicationmay be up at any time, so it does not reflect the capacity available. Options C and D are notrelevant measures of risk.
19. A. The correct answer is A. The persistent storage may be increased in size, but the operatingsystem may need to be configured to use that additional storage. Option B is incorrectbecause while backing up a disk before operating on it is a good practice, it is not required.Option C is incorrect because changing storage size does not change access control rules.Option D is incorrect because any disk metadata that needs to change when the size changesis updated by the resize process.