1. You are advising a customer on how to improve the availability of a data storage solution.
Which of the following general strategies would you recommend?
A. Keeping redundant copies of the data
B. Lowering the network latency for disk writes
C. Using a NoSQL database
D. Using Cloud Spanner

2. A team of data scientists is analyzing archived data sets. Their statistical model building procedures run in batches. If the model building system is down for up to 30 minutes per day,
it does not adversely impact the data scientists’ work. What is the minimal percentage availability among the following options that would meet this requirement?
A. 99.99 percent
B. 99.90 percent
C. 99.00 percent
D. 99.999 percent

3. Your development team has recently triggered three incidents that resulted in service disruptions. In one case, an engineer mistyped a number in a configuration file and in the other
cases specified an incorrect disk configuration. What practices would you recommend to
reduce the risk of these types of errors?
A. Continuous integration/continuous deployment
B. Code reviews of configuration files
C. Vulnerability scanning
D. Improved access controls

4. Your company is running multiple VM instances that have not had any downtime in the past
several weeks. Recently, several of the physical servers suffered disk failures. The applications
running on the servers did not have any apparent service disruptions. What feature of Compute Engine enabled that?
A. Preemptible VMs
B. Live migration
C. Canary deployments
D. Redundant array of inexpensive disks

5. You have deployed an application on a managed instance group. Occasionally the application experiences an intermittent malfunction and then resumes normal operation. Which of
these is a reasonable explanation for what is happening?
A. The application shuts down when the instance group time-to-live (TTL) threshold is
reached.
B. The application shuts down when the health check fails.
C. The VM shuts down when the instance group TTL threshold is reached and a new VM
is started.
D. The VM shuts down when the health check fails and a new VM is started.

6. An online gaming company is growing its user base in North America, Europe, and Asia.
Executives are concerned that players in Europe and Asia will have a degraded experience if
the game backend runs only in North America. What would you suggest to improve latency
and game experience for users in Europe and Asia?
A. Use Cloud Spanner to have a globally consistent, horizontally scalable relational database.
B. Create instance groups running the game backend in multiple regions across North
America, Europe, and Asia. Use global load balancing to distribute the workload.
C. Use Standard Tier networking to ensure that data sent between regions is routed over
the public internet.
D. Use a Cloud Memorystore cache in front of the database to reduce database read
latency.

7. What configuration changes are required to ensure high availability when using Cloud
Storage or Cloud Filestore?
A. A sufficiently long TTL must be set.
B. A health check must be specified.
C. Both a TTL and health check must be specified.
D. Nothing. Both are managed services. GCP manages high availability.

8. The finance director at your company is frustrated with the poor availability of an onpremises finance data warehouse. The data warehouse uses a commercial relational database that only scales by buying larger and larger servers. The director asks for your advice
about moving the data warehouse to the cloud and if the company can continue to use SQL
to query the data warehouse. What GCP service would you recommend to replace the onpremises data warehouse?
A. Bigtable
B. BigQuery
C. Cloud Datastore
D. Cloud Storage

9. TerramEarth has determined that it wants to use Cloud Bigtable to store equipment telemetry
received from vehicles in the field. It has also concluded that it wants two clusters in different regions. Both clusters should be able to respond to read and write requests. What kind of
replication should be used?
A. Primary–hot primary
B. Primary–warm primary
C. Primary–primary
D. Primary read–primary write

10. Your company is implementing a hybrid cloud computing model. Line-of-business owners
are concerned that data stored in the cloud may not be available to on-premises applications.
The current network connection is using a maximum of 40 percent of bandwidth. What
would you suggest to mitigate the risk of that kind of service failure?
A. Configure firewall rules to improve availability.
B. Use redundant network connections between the on-premises data center and Google
Cloud.
C. Increase the number of VMs allowed in Compute Engine instance groups.
D. Increase the bandwidth of the network connection between the data center and Google
Cloud.

11. A team of architects in your company is defining standards to improve availability. In
addition to recommending redundancy and code reviews for configuration changes, what
would you recommend including in the standards?
A. Use of access controls
B. Use of managed services for all compute requirements
C. Use of Cloud Monitoring to alert on changes in application performance
D. Use of Bigtable to collect performance monitoring data

12. Why would you want to run long-running, compute-intensive backend computation in a different managed instance group than on web servers supporting a minimal user interface?
A. Managed instance groups can run only a single application.
B. Managed instance groups are optimized for either compute or HTTP connectivity.
C. Compute-intensive applications have different scaling characteristics from those of lightweight user interface applications.
D. There is no reason to run the applications in different managed instance groups.

13. An instance group is adding more VMs than necessary and then shutting them down. This
pattern is happening repeatedly. What would you do to try to stabilize the addition and
removal of VMs?
A. Increase the maximum number of VMs in the instance group.
B. Decrease the minimum number of VMs in the instance group.
C. Increase the time autoscalers consider when making decisions.
D. Decrease the cooldown period.

14. A clothing retailer has just developed a new feature for its customer-facing web application.
Customers can upload images of their clothes, create montages from those images, and share
them on social networking sites. Images are temporarily saved to locally attached drives
as the customer works on the montage. When the montage is complete, the final version is
copied to a Cloud Storage bucket. The services implementing this feature run in a managed
instance group. Several users have noted that their final montages are not available even
though they saved them in the application. No other problems have been reported with the
service. What might be causing this problem?
A. The Cloud Storage bucket is out of storage.
B. The locally attached drive does not have a filesystem.
C. The users experiencing the problem were using a VM that was shut down by an autoscaler, and a cleanup script did not run to copy the latest version of the montage to
Cloud Storage.
D. The network connectivity between the VMs and Cloud Storage has failed.

15. Your development team has implemented a new application using a microservices
architecture. You would like to minimize DevOps overhead by deploying the services in a
way that will autoscale. You would also like to run each microservice in containers. What is a
good option for implementing these requirements in Google Cloud Platform?
A. Run the containers in Cloud Functions.
B. Run the containers in Kubernetes Engine.
C. Run the containers in Cloud Dataproc.
D. Run the containers in Cloud Dataflow.

16. TerramEarth is considering building an analytics database and making it available to equipment designers. The designers require the ability to query the data with SQL. The analytics
database manager wants to minimize the cost of the service. What would you recommend?
A. Use BigQuery as the analytics database, and partition the data to minimize the amount
of data scanned to answer queries.
B. Use Bigtable as the analytics database, and partition the data to minimize the amount of
data scanned to answer queries.
C. Use BigQuery as the analytics database, and use data federation to minimize the amount
of data scanned to answer queries.
D. Use Bigtable as the analytics database, and use data federation to minimize the amount
of data scanned to answer queries.

17. Line-of-business owners have decided to move several applications to the cloud. They believe
the cloud will be more reliable, but they want to collect data to test their hypothesis. What is
a common measure of reliability that they can use?
A. Mean time to recovery
B. Mean time between failures
C. Mean time between deployments
D. Mean time between errors

18. A group of business executives and software engineers are discussing the level of risk that
is acceptable for a new application. Business executives want to minimize the risk that the
service is not available. Software engineers note that the more developer time dedicated to
reducing risk of disruption, the less time they have to implement new features. How can you
formalize the group’s tolerance for risk of disruption?
A. Request success rate
B. Uptime of service
C. Latency
D. Throughput

19. Your DevOps team recently determined that it needed to increase the size of persistent disks
used by VMs running a business-critical application. When scaling up the size of available
persistent storage for a VM, what other step may be required?
A. Adjusting the filesystem size in the operating system
B. Backing up the persistent disk before changing its size
C. Changing the access controls on files on the disk
D. Updating disk metadata, including labels
