1. You are consulting for a client that is considering moving some on-premises workloads to the
Google Cloud Platform. The workloads are currently running on VMs that use a specially
hardened operating system. Application administrators will need root access to the operating
system as well. The client wants to minimize changes to the existing configuration. Which
GCP compute service would you recommend?
A. Compute Engine
B. Kubernetes Engine
C. App Engine Standard
D. App Engine Flexible

2. You have just joined a startup company that analyzes healthcare data and makes recommendations to healthcare providers to improve the quality of care while controlling costs. The
company must comply with privacy regulations. A compliance consultant recommends that
your company control its encryption keys used to encrypt data stored on cloud servers. You
agree with the consultant but also want to minimize the overhead of key management. What
GCP service should the company use?
A. Use default encryption enabled on Compute Engine instances.
B. Use Google Cloud Key Management Service to store keys that you create and use them
to encrypt storage used with Compute Engine instances.
C. Implement a trusted key store on premises, create the keys yourself, and use them to
encrypt storage used with Compute Engine instances.
D. Use an encryption algorithm that does not use keys.

3. A colleague complains that the availability and reliability of GCP VMs is poor because their
instances keep shutting down without them issuing shutdown commands. No instance has
run for more than 24 hours without shutting down for some reason. What would you suggest your colleague check to understand why the instances may be shutting down?
A. Make sure that the Cloud Operations agent is installed and collecting metrics.
B. Verify that sufficient persistent storage is attached to the instance.
C. Make sure that the instance availability is not set to preemptible.
D. Ensure that an external IP address has been assigned to the instance.

4. Your company is working on a government contract that requires all instances of VMs to
have a virtual Trusted Platform Module. What Compute Engine configuration option would
you enable or disable on your instance?
A. Trusted Module Setting
B. Shielded VMs
C. Preemptible VMs
D. Disable live migration

5. You are leading a lift-and-shift migration to the cloud. Your company has several loadbalanced clusters that use VMs that are not identically configured. You want to make as few
changes as possible when moving workloads to the cloud. What feature of GCP would you
use to implement those clusters in the cloud?
A. Managed instance groups
B. Unmanaged instance groups
C. Flexible instance groups
D. Kubernetes clusters

6. Your startup has a stateless web application written in Python3.7. You are not sure what
kind of load to expect on the application. You do not want to manage servers or containers if
you can avoid it. What GCP service would you use?
A. Compute Engine
B. App Engine
C. Kubernetes Engine in Standard Mode
D. Cloud Dataproc

7. Your department provides audio transcription services for other departments in your
company. Users upload audio files to a Cloud Storage bucket. Your application transcribes
the audio and writes the transcript file back to the same bucket. Your process runs every day
at midnight and transcribes all files in the bucket. Users are complaining that they are not
notified if there is a problem with the audio file format until the next day. Your application
has a program that can verify the quality of an audio file in less than two seconds. What
changes would you make to the workflow to improve user satisfaction?
A. Include more documentation about what is required to transcribe an audio file successfully.
B. Use Cloud Functions to run the program to verify the quality of the audio file when the
file is uploaded. If there is a problem, notify the user immediately.
C. Create a Compute Engine instance and set up a cron job that runs every hour to check
the quality of files that have been uploaded into the bucket in the last hour. Send notices
to all users who have uploaded files that do not pass the quality control check.
D. Use the App Engine Cron Service to set up a cron job that runs every hour to check the
quality of files that have been uploaded into the bucket in the last hour. Send notices to
all users who have uploaded files that do not pass the quality control check.

8. You have inherited a monolithic C++ application that you need to keep running. There will
be minimal changes, if any, to the code. The previous developer who worked with this application created a Dockerfile and image container with the application and needed libraries.
You’d like to deploy this in a way that minimizes your effort to maintain it. How would you
deploy this application?
A. Create an instance in Compute Engine, install Docker, install the Cloud Monitoring
agent, and then run the Docker image.
B. Create an instance in Compute Engine, but do not use the Docker image. Install the
application, Ruby, and needed libraries. Install the Cloud Monitoring agent. Run the
application directly in the VM, not a container.
C. Use App Engine Flexible to run the container image. App Engine will monitor as needed.
D. Use App Engine Standard to run the container image. App Engine will monitor as
needed.

9. You have been asked to give a presentation on Kubernetes. How would you explain the
difference between the cluster master and nodes?
A. Cluster masters manage the cluster and run core services such as the controller manager,
API server, scheduler, and etcd. Nodes run workload jobs.
B. The cluster manager is an endpoint for API calls. All services needed to maintain a
cluster are run on nodes.
C. The cluster manager is an endpoint for API calls. All services needed to maintain a
cluster are run on nodes, and workloads are run on a third kind of server, a runner.
D. Cluster masters manage the cluster and run core services such as the controller manager,
API server, scheduler, and etcd. Nodes monitor the cluster master and restart it if it fails.

10. External services are not able to access services running in a Kubernetes cluster. You suspect a
controller may be down. Which type of controller would you check?
A. Pod
B. Deployment
C. Ingress Controller
D. Service Controller

11. You are planning to run stateful applications in Kubernetes Engine. What should you use to
support stateful applications?
A. Pods
B. StatefulPods
C. StatefulSets
D. PersistentStorageSet

12. Every time a database administrator logs into a Firebase database, you would like a message
sent to your mobile device. Which compute service could you use that would minimize your
work in deploying and running the code that sends the message?
A. Compute Engine
B. Kubernetes Engine
C. Cloud Functions
D. Cloud Dataflow

13. Your team has been tasked with deploying infrastructure for development, test, staging,
and production environments in region us-west1. You will likely need to deploy the same
set of environments in two additional regions. What service would allow you to use an
infrastructure-as-code (IaC) approach?
A. Cloud Dataflow
B. Deployment Manager
C. Identity and Access Manager
D. App Engine Flexible

14. An IoT startup collects streaming data from industrial sensors and evaluates the data for
anomalies using a machine learning model. The model scales horizontally. The data collected is buffered in a server for 10 minutes. Which of the following is a true statement about
the system?
A. It is stateful.
B. It is stateless.
C. It may be stateful or stateless; there is not enough information to determine.
D. It is neither stateful nor stateless.

15. Your team is designing a stream processing application that collects temperature and
pressure measurements from industrial sensors. Someone on the team suggests using a Cloud
Memorystore cache. What could that cache be used for?
A. A SQL database
B. As a memory cache to store state data outside of instances
C. An extraction, transformation, and load service
D. A persistent object storage system

16. A distributed application is not performing as well as expected during peak load periods.
The application uses three microservices. The first of the microservices has the ability to send
more data to the second service than the second service can process and keep up with. This
causes the first microservice to wait while the second service processes data. What can be
done to decouple the first service from the second service?
A. Run the microservices on separate instances.
B. Run the microservices in a Kubernetes cluster.
C. Write data from the first service to a Cloud Pub/Sub topic and have the second service
read the data from the topic.
D. Scale both services together using MIGs.

17. A colleague has suggested that you use the Apache Beam framework for implementing a
highly scalable workflow. Which Google Cloud service would you use?
A. Cloud Dataproc
B. Cloud Dataflow
C. Cloud Dataprep
D. Cloud Memorystore

18. Your manager wants more data on the performance of applications running in Compute
Engine, specifically, data on CPU and memory utilization. What Google Cloud service would
you use to collect that data?
A. Cloud Dataprep
B. Cloud Monitoring
C. Cloud Dataproc
D. Cloud Memorystore

19. You are receiving alerts that CPU utilization is high on several Compute Engine instances.
The instances are all running a custom C++ application. When you receive these alerts, you
deploy an additional instance running the application. A load balancer automatically distributes the workload across all of the instances. What is the best option to avoid having to add
servers manually when CPU utilization is high?
A. Always run more servers than needed to avoid high CPU utilization.
B. Deploy the instances in a MIG, and use autoscaling to add and remove instances as
needed.
C. Run the application in App Engine Standard.
D. Whenever you receive an alert, add two instances instead of one.

20. A retailer has sales data streaming into a Cloud Pub/Sub topic from stores across the country.
Each time a sale is made, data is sent from the point of sale to Google Cloud. The data needs
to be transformed and aggregated before it is written to BigQuery. Which of the following
services would you use to perform that processing and write data to BigQuery?
A. Firebase
B. Cloud Dataflow
C. Cloud Memorystore
D. Cloud Datastore

21. Auditors have determined that several of the microservices deployed on Kubernetes clusters
in your GCP and on-premises clusters do not perform authentication in ways that comply
with security requirements. You want developers to be able to deploy microservices without
having to spend a lot of time developing and testing authentication mechanisms. What
managed service in GCP would you use to reduce the need for developers to implement
authentication mechanisms with each new service?
A. Kubernetes Services
B. Anthos Service Mesh
C. Kubernetes Ingress
D. Anthos Config Management
