1. You need to store a set of files for an extended period. Anytime the data in the files needs to
be accessed, it will be copied to a server first, and then the data will be accessed. Files will
not be accessed more than once a year. The set of files will all have the same access controls.
What storage solution would you use to store these files?
A. Cloud Storage Archive
B. Cloud Storage Nearline
C. Cloud Filestore
D. Bigtable

2. You are uploading files in parallel to Cloud Storage and want to optimize load performance.
What could you do to avoid creating hotspots when writing files to Cloud Storage?
A. Use sequential names or time stamps for files.
B. Do not use sequential names or time stamps for files.
C. Configure retention policies to ensure that files are not deleted prematurely.
D. Configure lifecycle policies to ensure that files are always using the most appropriate
storage class.

3. As a consultant on a cloud migration project, you have been asked to recommend a strategy
for storing files that must be highly available even in the event of a regional failure. What
would you recommend?
A. BigQuery
B. Cloud Datastore
C. Multiregional Cloud Storage
D. Regional Cloud Storage

4. As part of a migration to Google Cloud Platform, your department will run a collaboration
and document management application on Compute Engine virtual machines. The application requires a filesystem that can be mounted using operating system commands. All documents should be accessible from any instance. What storage solution would you recommend?
A. Cloud Storage
B. Cloud Filestore
C. A document database
D. A relational database

5. Your team currently supports seven MySQL databases for transaction processing applications. Management wants to reduce the amount of staff time spent on database
administration. What GCP service would you recommend to help reduce the database
administration load on your teams?
A. Bigtable
B. BigQuery
C. Cloud SQL
D. Cloud Filestore

6. Your company is developing a new service that will have a global customer base. The service will generate large volumes of structured data and require the support of a transaction
processing database. All users, regardless of where they are on the globe, must have a consistent view of data. What storage system will meet these requirements?
A. Cloud Spanner
B. Cloud SQL
C. Cloud Storage
D. BigQuery

7. Your company is required to comply with several government and industry regulations,
which include encrypting data at rest. What GCP storage services can be used for applications subject to these regulations?
A. Bigtable and BigQuery only
B. Bigtable and Cloud Storage only
C. Any of the managed databases, but no other storage services
D. Any GCP storage service

8. As part of your role as a data warehouse administrator, you occasionally need to export
data from the data warehouse, which is implemented in BigQuery. What command-line tool
would you use for that task?
A. gsutil
B. gcloud
C. bq
D. cbt

9. Another task that you perform as data warehouse administrator is granting authorizations
to perform tasks with the BigQuery data warehouse. A user has requested permission to view
table data but not change it. What role would you grant to this user to provide the needed
permissions but nothing more?
A. dataViewer
B. admin
C. metadataViewer
D. dataOwner

10. A developer is creating a set of reports and is trying to minimize the amount of data each
query returns while still meeting all requirements. What bq command-line option will
help you understand the amount of data returned by a query without actually executing
the query?
A. --no-data
B. --estimate-size
C. --dry-run
D. --size

11. A team of developers is choosing between using NoSQL or a relational database. What is a
feature of NoSQL databases that is not available in relational databases?
A. Fixed schemas
B. ACID transactions
C. Indexes
D. Flexible schemas

12. A group of venture capital investors has hired you to review the technical design of a service
that will be developed by a startup company seeking funding. The startup plans to collect
data from sensors attached to vehicles. The data will be used to predict when a vehicle needs
maintenance and before the vehicle breaks down. Thirty sensors will be on each vehicle. Each
sensor will send up to 5 KB of data every second. The startup expects to start with hundreds
of vehicles, but it plans to reach 1 million vehicles globally within 18 months. The data will
be used to develop machine learning models to predict the need for maintenance. The startup
is considering using a self-managed relational database to store the time-series data but wants
your opinion. What would you recommend for a time-series database?
A. Continue to plan to use a self-managed relational database.
B. Use Cloud SQL.
C. Use Cloud Spanner.
D. Use Bigtable.

13. A Bigtable instance increasingly needs to support simultaneous read and write operations.
You’d like to separate the workload so that some nodes respond to read requests and others
respond to write requests. How would you implement this to minimize the workload on
developers and database administrators?
A. Create two instances, and separate the workload at the application level.
B. Create multiple clusters in the Bigtable instance, and use Bigtable replication to keep the
clusters synchronized.
C. Create multiple clusters in the Bigtable instance, and use your own replication program
to keep the clusters synchronized.
D. It is not possible to accomplish the partitioning of the workload as described.

14. As a database architect, you’ve been asked to recommend a database service to support an
application that will make extensive use of JSON documents. What would you recommend
to minimize database administration overhead while minimizing the work required for developers to store JSON data in the database?
A. Cloud Storage
B. Cloud Firestore
C. Cloud Spanner
D. Cloud SQL

15. Your Cloud SQL database is experiencing high query latency. You could vertically scale the
database to use a larger instance, but you do not need additional write capacity. What else
could you try to reduce the number of reads performed by the database?
A. Switch to Cloud Spanner.
B. Use Cloud Bigtable instead.
C. Use Cloud Memorystore to create a database cache that stores the results of database
queries. Before a query is sent to the database, the cache is checked for the answer to the
query.
D. Add read replicas to the Cloud SQL database.

16. You would like to move objects stored in Cloud Storage automatically from regional storage
to Nearline storage when the object is six months old. What feature of Cloud Storage
would you use?
A. Retention policies
B. Lifecycle policies
C. Bucket locks
D. Multiregion replication

17. A customer has asked for help with a web application. Static data served from a data center
in Chicago in the United States loads slowly for users located in Australia, South Africa, and
Southeast Asia. What would you recommend to reduce latency?
A. Distribute data using Cloud CDN.
B. Use Premium Network from the server in Chicago to client devices.
C. Scale up the size of the web server.
D. Move the server to a location closer to those users.

18. A data pipeline ingests performance monitoring data about a fleet of vehicles using Cloud
Pub/Sub. The data is written to Cloud Bigtable to enable queries about specific vehicles.
The data will also be written to BigQuery and BigQuery ML will be used to build predictive
models about failures in vehicle components. You would like to provide high throughput
ingestion and exactly-once delivery semantics when writing data to BigQuery. How would
you load that data into BigQuery?
A. BigQuery Transfer Service
B. Cloud Storage Transfer Service
C. BigQuery Storage Write API
D. BigQuery Load Jobs
