1. A. The correct answer is A. The Cloud Storage Archive service is designed for long-term storage of infrequently accessed objects. Option B is not the best answer because Nearline should be used with objects that are accessed less often than once in 30 days. Archive class storage is more cost-effective and still meets the requirements. Option C is incorrect. Cloud Filestore is a network filesystem, and it is used to store data that is actively used by applications running on Compute Engine VM and Kubernetes Engine clusters. Option D is incorrect; Bigtable is a NoSQL database that is not designed for file storage.
2. B. The correct answer is B. Do not use sequential names or time stamps if uploading files in parallel. Files with sequentially close names will likely be assigned to the same server. This can create a hotspot when writing files to Cloud Storage. Option A is incorrect, as this could cause hotspots. Options C and D affect the lifecycle of files once they are written and do not impact upload efficiency.
3. C. The correct answer is C. Multiregional Cloud Storage replicates data to multiple regions. In the event of a failure in one region, the data would be retrieved from another region. Options A and B are incorrect because those are databases, not file storage systems. Option D is incorrect because it does not meet the requirement of providing availability in the event of a single region failure.
4. B. The correct answer is B. Cloud Filestore is a network-attached storage service that provides a filesystem that is accessible from Compute Engine. Filesystems in Cloud Filestore can be mounted using standard operating system commands. Option A, Cloud Storage, is incorrect because it does not provide a filesystem. Options C and D are incorrect because databases do not provide filesystems. 
5. C. The correct answer is C. Cloud SQL is a managed database service that supports MySQL, SQLServer, and PostgreSQL. Option A is incorrect because Bigtable is a wide-column NoSQL database, and it is not a suitable substitute for MySQL. Option B is incorrect because BigQuery is optimized for data warehouse and analytic databases, not transactional databases. Option D is incorrect, as Cloud Filestore is not a database. 
6. A. The correct answer is A. Cloud Spanner is a managed database service that supports horizontal scalability across regions. Option B is incorrect because Cloud SQL cannot scale globally. Option C is incorrect, as Cloud Storage does not meet the database requirements. Option D is incorrect because BigQuery is not designed for transaction processing systems. 
7. D. The correct answer is D. All data in GCP is encrypted when at rest. The other options are incorrect because they do not include all GCP storage services. 
8. C. The correct answer is C. The bq command-line tool is used to work with BigQuery. Option A, gsutil, is the command-line tool for working with Cloud Storage, and Option D, cbt, is the command-line tool for working with Bigtable. Option B, gcloud, is the command-line tool for most other GCP services. 
9. A. The correct answer is A. dataViewer allows a user to list projects and tables and get table data and metadata. Options B and D would enable the user to view data but would grant more permissions than needed, including the ability to change the data. Option C does not grant permission to view data in tables.
10. C. The correct answer is C. --dry-run returns an estimate of the number of bytes that would be returned if the query were executed. The other choices are not actually bq command-line options.
11. D. The correct answer is D. NoSQL data has flexible schemas. The other options specify features that are found in relational databases. ACID transactions and indexes are found in some NoSQL databases as well.
12. D. The correct answer is D. Bigtable is the best option for storing streaming data because it provides low-latency writes and can store petabytes of data. The database would need to store petabytes of data if the number of users scales as planned. Option A is a poor choice because a self-managed relational database will be difficult to scale, is not the best type of database for the scale of time-series data the company anticipates, would not meet requirements, and would require less administrative support. Option B will not scale to the volume of data expected. Option C, Cloud Spanner, could scale to store the volumes of data, but it is not optimized for low-latency writes of streaming data.
13. B. The correct answer is B, create multiple clusters in the instance and use Bigtable replication. Options A and C are not correct, as they require developing custom applications to partition data or keep replicas synchronized. Option D is incorrect because the requirements can be met. 
14. B. The correct answer is B. Cloud Firestore is a managed document database, which is a kind of NoSQL database that uses a flexible JSON-like data structure. Option A is incorrect. It is not a database. Options C and D are not good fits because the JSON data would have to be mapped to relational structures to take advantage of the full range of relational features. There is no indication that additional relational features are required. 
15. D. The correct answer is D. Configuring a read-only replica for the database will likely require only a configuration change to the applications that use the database. The turnaround on configuration changes is usually a lot faster than for code changes, which would be required to use a cache, such as Cloud Memorystore. Option C is incorrect because it would require code changes to the application to read from the cache, which requires programmer time. It is a viable solution, but it is not the best solution available. Option A is not a good choice because it would require a database migration, and there is no indication that the scale of Cloud Spanner is needed. Option B is not a good choice because Bigtable is a NoSQL database and may not meet the database needs of the application.
16. B. Option B is correct. Lifecycle policies allow you to specify an action, like changing storage class, after an object reaches a specified age. Option A is incorrect, as retention policies prevent premature deleting of an object. Option C is incorrect. This is a feature used to implement retention policies. Option D is incorrect; multiregion replication does control changes to storage classes.
17. A. The correct answer is A. Cloud CDN distributes copies of static data to points of presence around the globe so that it can be closer to users. Option B is incorrect. Premium Network routes data over the internal Google network, but it does not extend to client devices. Option C will not help with latency. Option D is incorrect because moving the location of the server might reduce the latency for some users, but it would likely increase latency for other users, as they could be located anywhere around the globe. 
18. C. The correct answer is C. The BigQuery Storage Write API provides high-throughput ingestion and exactly-once delivery semantics. The BigQuery Transfer Service and BigQuery Load Jobs are used for batch loading, not streaming loading. Cloud Storage Transfer Service is used to load data into Cloud Storage, not BigQuery 
