1. B. The correct answer is B. Default subnets are each assigned a distinct, nonoverlapping IP address range. Option A is incorrect, as default subnets use private addresses. Option C is incorrect because increasing the size of the subnet mask does not necessarily prevent overlaps. Option D is an option that would also ensure nonoverlapping addresses, but it is not necessary given the stated requirements. 
2. A. The correct answer is A. A Shared VPC allows resources in one project to access the resources in another project. Option B is incorrect, as load balancing does not help with network access. Options C and D are incorrect because those are mechanisms for hybrid cloud computing. In this case, all resources are in GCP, so hybrid networking is not needed.
3. B. The correct answer is B. The default-allow-internal rule allows ingress connections for all protocols and ports among instances in the network. Option A is incorrect because implied rules cannot be deleted, and the implied rules alone would not be enough to enable all instances to connect to all other instances. Option C is incorrect because that rule governs the ICMP protocol for management services, like ping. Option D is incorrect because 65535 is the largest number/lowest priority allowed for firewall rules.
4. A. The correct answer is A. 0 is the highest priority for firewall rules. All the other options are incorrect because they have priorities that are not guaranteed to enable the rule to take precedence.
5. B. The correct answer is B. 8 is the number of bits used to specify the subnet mask. Option A is wrong because 24 is the number of bits available to specify a host address. Options C and D are wrong, as the integer does not indicate an octet.
6. C. The correct answer is C. Disabling a firewall rule allows you to turn off the effect of a rule quickly without deleting it. Option A is incorrect because it does not help isolate the rule or rules causing the problem, and it may introduce new problems because the new rules may take precedence in cases they did not before. Option B is not helpful because alone it would not help isolate the problematic rule or rules. Option D is incorrect because it will leave the VPC with only implied rules. Adding back all rules could be time-consuming, and having no rules could cause additional problems. 
7. C. The correct answer is C. Hybrid networking is needed to enable the transfer of data to the cloud to build models and then transfer models back to the on-premises servers. Option A is incorrect because firewall rules restrict or allow traffic on a network—they do not link networks. Options B and D are incorrect because load balancing does not link networks.
8. D. The correct answer is D. With mirrored topology, public cloud and private on-premises environments mirror each other. Options A and B are not correct because gated topologies are used to allow access to APIs in other networks without exposing them to the public internet. Option C is incorrect because that topology is used to exchange data and have different processing done in different environments. 
9. B. The correct answer is B. Cloud VPN implements IPSec VPNs. All other options are incorrect because they are not names of actual services available in GCP.
10. B. The correct answer is B. Partner Interconnect provides between 50 Mbps and 10 Gbps connections. Option A, Cloud VPN, provides up to 3 Gbps connections. Option C, Direct Interconnect, provides 10 or 100 Gbps connections. Option D is not an actual GCP service name. 
11. C. The correct answer is C. Both Direct Interconnect and Partner Interconnect can be configured to support between 60 Gbps and 80 Gbps. All other options are wrong because Cloud VPN supports a maximum of 3 Gbps. 
12. A. The correct answer is A. Direct peering allows customers to connect their networks to a Google network point of access and exchange Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) routes, which define paths for transmitting data between networks. Options B and D are not the names of GCP services. Option C is not correct because global load balancing does not link networks.
13. A. The correct answer is A. HTTP(S) load balancers are global and will route HTTP traffic to the region closest to the user making a request. Option B is incorrect, as SSL Proxy is used for non-HTTPS SSL traffic. Option C is incorrect because it does not support external traffic from the public internet. Option D is incorrect, as TCP Proxy is used for non-HTTP(S) traffic.
14. A. The correct answer is A. Only Internal TCP/UDP supports load balancing using private IP addressing. The other options are all incorrect because they cannot load balance using private IP addresses.
15. C. The correct answer is C. All global load balancers require the Premium Tier network, which routes all data over the Google global network and not the public internet. Option A is incorrect, as object storage is not needed. Option C is incorrect because a VPN is not required. Option D is incorrect, as that is another kind of global load balancer that would require Premium Tier networking.
16. A. The correct answer is A. Private Service Connect for Google APIs allows for access to Google Cloud APIs without requiring an external IP address. The other options are all for hybrid cloud computing connecting on-premises devices to a VPC.
