1. Your team has deployed a VPC with default subnets in all regions. The lead network architect
at your company is concerned about possible overlap in the use of private addresses. How
would you explain how you are dealing with the potential problem?
A. You inform the network architect that you are not using private addresses at all.
B. When default subnets are created for a VPC, each region is assigned a different IP
address range.
C. You have increased the size of the subnet mask in the CIDR block specification of the set
of IP addresses.
D. You agree to assign new IP address ranges on all subnets.

2. A data warehouse service running in GCP has all of its resources in a single project. The
e-commerce application has resources in another project, including a database with transaction data that will be loaded into the data warehouse. The data warehousing team would like
to read data directly from the database using extraction, transformation, and load processes
that run on Compute Engine instances in the data warehouse project. Which of the following
network constructs could help with this?
A. Shared VPC
B. Regional load balancing
C. Direct peering
D. Cloud VPN

3. An intern working with your team has changed some firewall rules. Prior to the change, all
Compute Engine instances on the network could connect to all other instances on the network. After the change, some nodes cannot reach other nodes. What might have been the
change that causes this behavior?
A. One or more implied rules were deleted.
B. The default-allow-internal rule was deleted.
C. The default-all-icmp rule was deleted.
D. The priority of a rule was set higher than 65535.

4. The network administrator at your company has asked that you configure a firewall rule that
will always take precedence over any other firewall rule. What priority would you assign?
A. 0
B. 1
C. 65534
D. 65535

5. During a review of a GCP network configuration, a developer asks you to explain CIDR
notation. Specifically, what does the 8 mean in the CIDR block 172.16.10.2/8?
A. 8 is the number of bits used to specify a host address.
B. 8 is the number of bits used to specify the subnet mask.
C. 8 is the number of octets used to specify a host address.
D. 8 is the number of octets used to specify the subnet mask.

6. Several new firewall rules have been added to a VPC. Several users are reporting unusual
problems with applications that did not occur before the firewall rule changes. You’d like
to debug the firewall rules while causing the least impact on the network and doing so as
quickly as possible. Which of the following options is best?
A. Set all new firewall priorities to 0 so that they all take precedence over other rules.
B. Set all new firewall priorities to 65535 so that all other rules take precedence over these
rules.
C. Disable one rule at a time to see whether that eliminates the problems. If needed, disable
combinations of rules until the problems are eliminated.
D. Remove all firewall rules and add them back one at a time until the problems occur and
then remove the latest rule added back.

7. An executive wants to understand what changes in the current cloud architecture are
required to run compute-intensive machine learning workloads in the cloud and have the
models run in production using on-premises servers. The models are updated daily. There is
no network connectivity between the cloud and on-premises networks. What would you tell
the executive?
A. Implement additional firewall rules.
B. Use global load balancing.
C. Use hybrid-cloud networking.
D. Use regional load balancing.

8. To comply with regulations, you need to deploy a disaster recovery site that has the same
design and configuration as your production environment. You want to implement the
disaster recovery site in the cloud. Which topology would you use?
A. Gated ingress topology
B. Gated egress topology
C. Handover topology
D. Mirrored topology

9. Network engineers have determined that the best option for linking the on-premises network
to GCP resources is by using an IPSec VPN. Which GCP service would you use in the cloud?
A. Cloud IPSec
B. Cloud VPN
C. Cloud Interconnect IPSec
D. Cloud VPN IKE

10. Network engineers have determined that a link between the on-premises network and GCP
will require an 8 Gbps connection. Which option would you recommend?
A. Cloud VPN
B. Partner Interconnect
C. Direct Interconnect
D. Hybrid Interconnect

11. Network engineers have determined that a link between the on-premises network and GCP
will require a connection between 60 Gbps and 80 Gbps. Which hybrid-cloud networking
services would best meet this requirement?
A. Cloud VPN
B. Cloud VPN and Direct Interconnect
C. Direct Interconnect and Partner Interconnect
D. Cloud VPN, Direct Interconnect, and Partner Interconnect

12. The director of network engineering has determined that any links to networks outside of
the company data center will be implemented at the level of BGP routing exchanges. What
hybrid-cloud networking option should you use?
A. Direct peering
B. Indirect peering
C. Global load balancing
D. Cloud IKE

13. A startup is designing a social site dedicated to discussing global political, social, and environmental issues. The site will include news and opinion pieces in text and video. The startup
expects that some stories will be exceedingly popular, and others won’t be, but they want to
ensure that all users have a similar experience with regard to latency, so they plan to replicate
content across regions. What load balancer should they use?
A. HTTP(S)
B. SSL Proxy
C. Internal TCP/UDP
D. TCP Proxy

14. As a developer, you foresee the need to have a load balancer that can distribute load using
only private RFC 1918 addresses. Which load balancer would you use?
A. Internal TCP/UDP
B. HTTP(S)
C. SSL Proxy
D. TCP Proxy

15. After a thorough review of the options, a team of developers and network engineers have
determined that the SSL Proxy load balancer is the best option for their needs. What other
GCP service must they have to use the SSL Proxy load balancer?
A. Cloud Storage
B. Cloud VPN
C. Premium Tier networking
D. TCP Proxy Load Balancing

16. You want to connect to access Cloud Storage APIs from a Compute Engine VM that has only
an internal IP address. What GCP service would you use to enable that access?
A. Private Service Connect for Google APIs
B. Dedicated Interconnect
C. Partner Interconnect
D. HA VPN
