1. C. Option C, a service account, is the best choice for an account that will be associated with an application or resource, such as a VM. Both options A and B should be used with actual users. Option D is not a valid type of identity in GCP.
2. A. The correct answer is A. The identities should be assigned to groups and predefined roles assigned to those groups. Assigning roles to groups eases administrative overhead because users receive permissions when they are added to a group. Removing a user from a group removes permissions from the user, unless the user receives that permission in another way. Options B, C, and D are incorrect because you cannot assign permissions directly to a user.
3. B. The correct answer is option B. Fine-grained permissions and predefined roles help implement least privilege because each predefined role has only the permissions needed to carry out a specific set of responsibilities. Option A is incorrect. Basic roles are coarse-grained and grant more permissions than often needed. Option C is incorrect. Simply creating a particular type of identity does not by itself associate permissions with users. Option D is not the best option because it requires more administrative overhead than option B, and it is a best practice to use predefined roles as much as possible and only create custom roles when a suitable predefined role does not exist.
4. C. The correct option is C—three trust domains. The front end, backend, and database are all logically separated. They run on three different platforms. Each should be in its own trust domain. Options A and B are incorrect, as they are too few. Option D is incorrect because all services should be considered within a trust domain.
5. A. The correct answer is A. A group should be created for administrators and granted the necessary roles, which in this case is roles/logging.admin. The identity of the person responsible for a period should be added at the start of the period, and the person who was previously responsible should be removed from the group. Option B is not the best option because it assigns roles to an identity, which is allowed but not recommended. If the team changes strategy and wants to have three administrators at a time, roles would have to be granted and revoked to multiple identities rather than a single group. Options C and D are incorrect because roles/logging.privateLogViewer does not grant administrative access.
6. D. The correct answer is D. You do not need to configure any settings to have data encrypted at rest in GCP. Options B, C, and D are all incorrect because no configuration is required. 
7. A. The correct answer is A. Option B is incorrect because it is an asymmetric encryption algorithm that requires the use of a pair of keys, and Google’s key management options only support the use of a single key to manage encryption. Option C is incorrect. DES is a weak and obsolete encryption algorithm that is easily broken by today’s methods. Option D is incorrect. Blowfish is a strong encryption algorithm designed as a replacement for DES and other weak encryption algorithms, but it is not used in GCP. 
8. B. The correct answer is B. The data encryption key is encrypted using a key encryption key. Option A is incorrect. There are no hidden locations on disk that are inaccessible from a hardware perspective. Option C is incorrect. Keys are not stored in a relational database. Option D is incorrect. An elliptic curve encryption algorithm is not used. 
9. C. The correct answer is C. Layer 7 is the application layer, and Google uses ALTS at that level. Options A and B are incorrect. IPSec and TLS are used by Google but not at layer 7. Option D is incorrect. ARP is an address resolution protocol, not a security protocol.
10. C. The correct answer is C. Cloud KMS is the key management service in GCP. It is designed specifically to store keys securely and manage the lifecycle of keys. Options A and B are incorrect. They are both document databases and are not suitable for low-latency, highly secure key storage. Option D is incorrect. Bigtable is designed for lowlatency, high-write volume operations over variable structured data. It is not designed for secure key management.
11. B. The correct answer is B. Cloud Storage Archive class is the best option for maintaining archived data such as log data. Also, since the data is not likely to be accessed, Archive storage would be the most cost-effective option. Option A is incorrect because Cloud Logging does not retain log data for five years. Option C is not the best option since the data does not need to be queried, and it is likely not structured sufficiently to be stored efficiently in BigQuery. Option D is incorrect. Cloud Pub/Sub is a messaging service, not a long-term data store.
12. B. The correct answer is B. The duties of the development team are separated so that no one person can both approve a deployment and execute a deployment. Option A is incorrect. Defense in depth is the use of multiple security controls to mitigate the same risk. Option C is incorrect because least privilege applies to a set of permissions granted for a single task, such as deploying to production. Option D is incorrect. Encryption at rest is not related to the scenario described in the question. 
13. C. The correct answer is C. The service will collect personal information of children under 13 in the United States, so COPPA applies. Option A is incorrect because HIPAA and HITECH apply to protected healthcare data. Option B is incorrect because SOX applies to financial data. Option D is incorrect because GDPR applies to citizens of the European Union, not the United States.
14. D. The correct answer is D. The service will collect personal information from citizens of the European Union, so GDPR applies. Option A is incorrect because HIPAA and HITECH apply to protected healthcare data. Option B is incorrect because SOX applies to financial data. Option C is incorrect, as it applies to children in the United States.
15. A. The correct answer is A. ITIL is a framework for aligning business and IT strategies and practices. Option B is incorrect because TOGAF is an enterprise architecture framework. Option C is incorrect because the Porters Five Forces Model is used to assess competitiveness. Option D is incorrect because the Ansoff Matrix is used to summarize growth strategies.
