1. A. The correct answer is A. If the goal is to understand performance characteristics, then metrics, particularly time-series data, will show the values of key measurements associated with performance, such as utilization of key resources. Option B is incorrect because detailed log data describes significant events but does not necessarily convey resource utilization or other performance-related data. Option C is incorrect because errors are types of events that indicate a problem but are not helpful for understanding normal, baseline operations. Option D is incorrect because acceptance tests measure how well a system meets business requirements but do not provide point-in-time performance information.
2. B. The correct answer is B. Alerting policies are sets of conditions, notification specifications, and selection criteria for determining resources to monitor. Option A is incorrect because one or more conditions are necessary but not sufficient. Option C is incorrect because a log message specification describes the content written to a log when an event occurs. Option D is incorrect because acceptance tests are used to assess how well a system meets business requirements; they are not related to alerting. 
3. C. The correct answer is C. Audit logs would contain information about changes to user privileges, especially privilege escalations such as granting root or administrative access. Option A and Option B are incorrect, as neither records detailed information about access control changes. Option D may have some information about user privilege changes, but notes may be changed and otherwise tampered with, so on their own they are insufficient sources of information for compliance review purposes. 
4. C. The correct option is C. Release management practices reduce manual effort to deploy code. This allows developers to roll out code more frequently and in smaller units and, if necessary, quickly roll back problematic releases. Option A is incorrect because release management is not related to programming paradigms. Option B is incorrect because release management does not require waterfall methodologies. Option D is incorrect. Release management does not influence the use of stateful or stateless services. 
5. A. The correct answer is A. These are tests that check the smallest testable unit of code. These tests should be run before any attempt to build a new version of an application. Option B is incorrect because a stress test could be run on the unit of code, but it is more than what is necessary to test if the application should be built. Option C is incorrect because acceptance tests are used to confirm that business requirements are met; a build that only partially meets business requirements is still useful for developers to create. Option D is incorrect because compliance tests is a fictitious term and not an actual class of tests used in release management. 
6. C. The correct answer is C. This is a canary deployment. Option A is incorrect because Blue/ Green deployment uses two fully functional environments and all traffic is routed to one of those environments at a time. Options B and D are incorrect because they are not actual names of deployment types. 
7. D. The correct answer is D. GitHub and Cloud Source Repositories are version control systems. Option A is incorrect because Jenkins is a CI/CD tool, not a version control system. Option B is incorrect because neither Syslog nor Cloud Build is a version control system. Option C is incorrect because Cloud Build is not a version control system.
8. D. The correct answer is D. A Blue/Green deployment is the kind of deployment that allows developers to deploy new code to an entire environment before switching traffic to it. Options A and B are incorrect because they are incremental deployment strategies. Option C is not an actual deployment strategy. 
9. A. The correct option is A. The developers should create a patch to shed load. Option B would not solve the problem, since more connections would allow more clients to connect to the database, but CPU and memory are saturated, so no additional work can be done. Option C could be part of a long-term architecture change, but it could not be implemented quickly. Option D could also be part of a longer-term solution to allow a database to buffer requests and process them at a rate allowed by available database resources. 
10. B. The correct answer is B. This is an example of upstream or client throttling. Option A is incorrect because load is not shed; rather, it is just delayed. Option C is incorrect. There is no rebalancing of load, such as might be done on a Kafka topic. Option D is incorrect. There is no mention of partitioning data. 
