1. As an SRE, you are assigned to support several applications. In the past, these applications
have had significant reliability problems. You would like to understand the performance
characteristics of the applications, so you create a set of dashboards. What kind of data
would you display on those dashboards?
A. Metrics and time-series data measuring key performance attributes, such as CPU utilization
B. Detailed log data from syslog
C. Error messages output from each application
D. Results from the latest acceptance tests

2. After determining the optimal combination of CPU and memory resources for nodes in a
Kubernetes cluster, you want to be notified whenever CPU utilization exceeds 85 percent for
5 minutes or when memory utilization exceeds 90 percent for 1 minute. What would you
have to specify to receive such notifications?
A. An alerting condition
B. An alerting policy
C. A logging message specification
D. An acceptance test

3. A compliance review team is seeking information about how your team handles high-risk
administration operations, such as granting operating system users root privileges. Where
could you find data that shows your team tracks changes to user privileges?
A. In metric time-series data
B. In alerting conditions
C. In audit logs
D. In ad hoc notes kept by system administrators

4. Release management practices contribute to improving reliability by which one of the
following?
A. Advocating for object-oriented programming practices
B. Enforcing waterfall methodologies
C. Improving the speed and reducing the cost of deploying code
D. Reducing the use of stateful services

5. A team of software engineers is using release management practices. They want developers to
check code into the central team code repository several times during the day. The team also
wants to make sure that the code that is checked is functioning as expected before building
the entire application. What kind of tests should the team run before attempting to build the
application?
A. Unit tests
B. Stress tests
C. Acceptance tests
D. Compliance tests

6. Developers have just deployed a code change to production. They are not routing any traffic
to the new deployment yet, but they are about to send a small amount of traffic to servers
running the new version of code. What kind of deployment are they using?
A. Blue/Green deployment
B. Before/After deployment
C. Canary deployment
D. Stress deployment

7. You have been hired to consult with an enterprise software development that is starting to
adopt Agile and DevOps practices. The developers would like advice on tools that they can
use to help them collaborate on software development in the Google Cloud. What version
control software might you recommend?
A. Jenkins and Cloud Source Repositories
B. Syslog and Cloud Build
C. GitHub and Cloud Build
D. GitHub and Cloud Source Repositories

8. A startup offers a software-as-a-service solution for enterprise customers. Many of the components of the service are stateful, and the system has not been designed to allow incremental
rollout of new code. The entire environment has to be running the same version of the
deployed code. What deployment strategy should they use?
A. Rolling deployment
B. Canary deployment
C. Stress deployment
D. Blue/Green deployment

9. A service is experiencing unexpectedly high volumes of traffic. Some components of the
system are able to keep up with the workload, but others are unable to process the volume
of requests. These services are returning a large number of internal server errors. Developers need to release a patch as soon as possible that provides some relief for an overloaded
relational database service. Both memory and CPU utilization are near 100 percent. Horizontally scaling the relational database is not an option, and vertically scaling the database
would require too much downtime. What strategy would be the fastest to implement?
A. Shed load
B. Increase connection pool size in the database
C. Partition the workload
D. Store data in a Pub/Sub topic

10. A service has detected that a downstream process is returning a large number of errors. The
service automatically slows down the number of messages it sends to the downstream process. This is an example of what kind of strategy?
A. Load shedding
B. Upstream throttling
C. Rebalancing
D. Partitioning
