1. B. The correct answer is B. Analysis defines the scope of the problem and assessing options for solving the problem. Design produces high-level and detailed plans that guide development. Option A is incorrect, as business continuity planning is not required before development, though it can occur alongside development. Option C is incorrect because testing occurs after software is developed. Similarly, option D is incorrect because documentation comes after development as well.
2. A. The correct answer is A. COTS stands for commercial off-the-shelf, so the question is about research related to the question of buy versus build. Option B is incorrect, as COTS is not an ORM. Options C and D are both incorrect. COTS is not about business continuity or disaster recovery. 
3. C. Option C is correct. ROI is a measure used to compare the relative value of different investments. Option A is a measure of reliability and availability. Option B is a requirement related to disaster recovery. Option D is a fictitious measure.
4. C. The correct answer is C because questions of data structure are not usually addressed until the detail design stage. Option A is incorrect, as analysis is about scoping a problem and choosing a solution approach. Option B is incorrect because high-level design is dedicated to identifying subcomponents and how they function together. Option D is incorrect because the maintenance phase is about keeping software functioning.
5. C. The correct answer is C. In the middle of the night the primary goal is to get the service functioning properly. Operations documentation, like runbooks, provides guidance on how to start services and correct problems. Option A is incorrect because design documentation may describe why design decisions were made—it does not contain distilled information about running the service. Option B is incorrect, as user documentation is for customers of the service. Option D is incorrect because although developer documentation may eventually help the engineer understand the reason why the service failed, it is not the best option for finding specific guidance on getting the service to function normally.
6. B. The correct answer is B. This is an example of continuous integration because code is automatically merged with the baseline application code. Option A is not an actual process. Option C is not an actual process, and it should not be confused with continual deployment. Option D is incorrect because the software development life cycle includes continuous integration and much more. 
7. D. The correct answer is D. This is an example of chaos engineering. Netflix’s Simian Army is a collection of tools that support chaos engineering. Option A is incorrect because this is a reasonable approach to improving reliability, assuming that the practice is transparent and coordinated with others responsible for the system. Option B is incorrect. This is not a test to ensure that components work together. It is an experiment to see what happens when some components do not work. Option C is incorrect. This does test the ability of the system to process increasingly demanding workloads.
8. D. The correct answer is D. The goal of the post-mortem is to learn how to prevent this kind of incident again (fix the problem, not the blame). Options A, B, and C are all wrong because they focus on blaming a single individual for an incident that occurred because of multiple factors. Also, laying blame does not contribute to finding a solution. In cases where an individual’s negligence or lack of knowledge is a significant contributing factor, then other management processes should be used to address the problem. Post-mortems exist to learn and to correct technical processes.
9. C. The correct answer is C. ITIL is a set of enterprise IT practices for managing the full range of IT processes, from planning and development to security and support. Options A and B are likely to be found in all well-run software development teams. Option D may not be used at many startups, but it should be. 
10. C. The correct answer is C. Disaster recovery is a part of business continuity planning. Options A and B are wrong. They are neither the same nor are they unrelated. Option D is incorrect because it has the relationship backward.
11. A. The correct answer is A. ISO/IEC 20000 is a service management standard. Options B and C are incorrect. They are programming language–specific standards for Java and Python, respectively. Option D is incorrect. ISO/IEC 27002 is a security standard.
12. D. The correct answer is D. There may be an underlying bug in code or weakness in the design that should be corrected. Options A and B are incorrect because it should be addressed, since it adversely impacts customers. Option C is incorrect because software engineers and architects can recognize a customer-impacting flaw and correct it.
13. C. The correct answer is C. A disaster plan documents a strategy for responding to a disaster. It includes information such as where operations will be established, which services are the highest priority, what personnel are considered vital to recovery operations, as well as plans for dealing with insurance carriers and maintaining relationships with suppliers and customers. Option A is incorrect. Recovery time objectives cannot be set until the details of the recovery plan are determined. Option B is incorrect because you cannot decide what risk to transfer to an insurance company before understanding what the risks and recovery objectives are. Option D is incorrect. A service management plan is part of an enterprise IT process structure. 
14. C. The correct answer is C. Option A is not correct because blaming engineers and immediately imposing severe consequences is counterproductive. It will tend to foster an environment that is not compatible with agile development practices. Option B is incorrect because this could be highly costly in terms of engineers’ time, and it is unlikely to find subtle bugs related to the complex interaction of multiple components in a distributed system. Option D is incorrect because, while additional training may be part of the solution, that is for the manager to decide. Post-mortems should be blameless, and suggesting that someone be specifically targeted for additional training in a post-mortem implies some level of blame.
15. C. The correct answer is C. The criteria for determining when to invoke the disaster recovery plan should be defined before a team might have to deal with a disaster. Options A, B, and C are all incorrect because the decision should not be left to the sole discretion of an individual manager, service owner, or engineer. A company policy should be in place for determining when to invoke a DR plan.
