1. A team of early career software engineers has been paired with an architect to work on
a new software development project. The engineers are anxious to get started coding,
but the architect objects to that course of action because there has been insufficient work
prior to development. What steps should be completed before beginning development
according to SDLC?
A. Business continuity planning
B. Analysis and design
C. Analysis and testing
D. Analysis and documentation

2. In an analysis meeting, a business executive asks about research into COTS. What is this
executive asking about?
A. Research related to deciding to build versus buying a solution
B. Research about a Java object relational mapper
C. A disaster planning protocol
D. Research related to continuous operations through storms (COTS), a business continuity
practice

3. Business decision-makers have created a budget for software development over the next three
months. There are more projects proposed than can be funded. What measure might the
decision-makers use to choose projects to fund?
A. Mean time between failures (MTBF)
B. Recovery time objectives (RTO)
C. Return on investment (ROI)
D. Marginal cost displacement

4. A team of developers is working on a backend service to implement a new business process.
They are debating whether to use arrays, lists, or hash maps. In what stage of the SDLC are
these developers at present?
A. Analysis
B. High-level design
C. Detailed design
D. Maintenance

5. An engineer is on call for any service-related issues with a service. In the middle of the night,
the engineer receives a notification that a set of APIs is returning HTTP 500 error codes to
most requests. What kind of documentation would the engineer turn to first?
A. Design documentation
B. User documentation
C. Operations documentation
D. Developer documentation

6. As a developer, you write code in your local environment, and after testing it, you commit it
or write it to a version control system. From there it is automatically incorporated with the
baseline version of code in the repository. What is the process called?
A. Software continuity planning
B. Continuous integration (CI)
C. Continuous development (CD)
D. Software development lifecycle (SDLC)

7. As a consulting architect, you have been asked to help improve the reliability of a distributed
system with a large number of custom microservices and dependencies on third-party APIs
running in a hybrid cloud architecture. You have decided that at this level of complexity, you
can learn more by experimenting with the system than by studying documents and code listings. So, you start by randomly shutting down servers and simulating network partitions.
This is an example of what practice?
A. Irresponsible behavior
B. Integration testing
C. Load testing
D. Chaos engineering

8. There has been a security breach at your company. A malicious actor outside of your
company has gained access to one of your services and was able to capture data that was
passed into the service from clients. Analysis of the incident finds that a developer included
a private key in a configuration file that was uploaded to a version control repository. The
repository is protected by several defensive measures, including role-based access controls
and network-level controls that require VPN access to reach the repository. As part of backup
procedures, the repository is backed up to a cloud storage service. The folder that stores the
backup was mistakenly granted public access privileges for up to three weeks before the error
was detected and corrected. During the post-mortem analysis of this incident, one of the
objectives should be to
A. Identify the developer who uploaded the private key to a version control repository.
They are responsible for this incident.
B. Identify the system administrator who backed up the repository to an unsecured storage
service. They are responsible for this incident.
C. Identify the system administrator who misconfigured the storage system. They are
responsible for this incident.
D. Identify ways to better scan code checked into the repository for sensitive information
and perform checks on cloud storage systems to identify weak access controls.

9. You have just been hired as a cloud architect for a large financial institution with global
reach. The company is highly regulated, but it has a reputation for being able to manage IT
projects well. What practices would you expect to find in use at the enterprise level that you
might not find at a startup?
A. Agile methodologies
B. SDLC
C. ITIL
D. Business continuity planning

10. A software engineer asks for an explanation of the difference between business continuity
planning and DR planning. What would you say is the difference?
A. There is no difference; the terms are synonymous.
B. They are two unrelated practices.
C. DR is a part of business continuity planning, which includes other practices for
continuing business operations in the event of an enterprise-level disruption of services.
D. Business continuity planning is a subset of disaster recovery.

11. In addition to ITIL, there are other enterprise IT process management frameworks. Which
other standard might you reference when working on enterprise IT management issues?
A. ISO/IEC 20000
B. Java Coding Standards
C. PEP-8
D. ISO/IEC 27002

12. A minor problem repeatedly occurs with several instances of an application that causes a
slight increase in the rate of errors returned. Users who retry the operation usually succeed
on the second or third attempt. By your company’s standards, this is considered a minor incident. Should you investigate this problem?
A. No. The problem is usually resolved when users retry.
B. No. New feature requests are more important.
C. Yes. But only investigate if the engineering manager insists.
D. Yes. Since it is a recurring problem, there may be an underlying bug in code or weakness
in the design that should be corrected.

13. A CTO of a midsize company hires you to consult on the company’s IT practices. During preliminary interviews, you realize that the company does not have a business continuity plan.
What would you recommend they develop first with regard to business continuity?
A. Recovery time objectives (RTO)
B. An insurance plan
C. A disaster plan
D. A service management plan

14. A developer codes a new algorithm and tests it locally. They then check the code into the
team’s version control repository. This triggers an automatic set of unit and integration
tests. The code passes, and it is integrated into the baseline code and included in the next
build. The build is released and runs as expected for 30 minutes. A sudden spike in traffic
causes the new code to generate a large number of errors. What might the team decide to do
after the post-mortem analysis of this incident?
A. Fire the developer who wrote the algorithm.
B. Have at least two engineers review all of the code before it is released.
C. Perform stress tests on changes to code that may be sensitive to changes in load.
D. Ask the engineering manager to provide additional training to the engineer who revised
the algorithm.

15. Your company’s services are experiencing a high level of errors. Data ingest rates are dropping rapidly. Your data center is located in an area prone to hurricanes, and these events are
occurring during peak hurricane season. What criteria do you use to decide to invoke your
disaster recovery plan?
A. When your engineering manager says to invoke the disaster recovery plan
B. When the business owner of the service says to invoke the disaster recovery plan
C. When the disaster plan criteria for invoking the disaster recovery plan are met
D. When the engineer on call says to invoke the disaster recovery plan
