1. A. Machine type, boot disk image or container image, zone, and labels are all
configuration parameters or attributes of a VM and therefore would be included in an
instance group configuration that creates those VMs.
2. B. gsutil is the command line for accessing and manipulating Cloud Storage from the
command line. mb is the specific command for creating, or making, a bucket.
3. D. The lifecycle configuration policy allows administrators to specify criteria for migrating
data to other storage systems without having to concern themselves with running jobs to
actually execute the necessary steps. The other options are inefficient or do not exist.
4. A. gsutil is the command-line tool for working with Cloud Storage. rsync is the specific
command in gsutil for synchronizing buckets.
5. C. Google operates a global network, and VPCs are resources that can span that global
network.
6. B. gcloud by default will retry a failed network operation and will wait a long time
before each retry. The time to wait is calculated using a truncated binary exponential
back-off strategy.
7. C. Firewall rules do not have TTL parameters. Direction of traffic, action on match, and
protocol are all components of firewall rules.
8. C. IAM policy violations do not trigger changes in the size of clusters. All other options
can be used to trigger a change in cluster size.
9. A. Only Spanner and Cloud SQL databases support transactions and have a SQL interface.
Datastore has transactions but does not support fully compliant SQL; it has a SQL-like
query language. Cloud Storage does not support transactions or SQL.
10. C. App Engine is a PaaS that allows developers to deploy full applications without having
to manage servers or clusters. Compute Engine and Kubernetes Engine require management
of servers. Cloud Functions is suitable for short-running Node.js or Python functions but
not full applications.
11. B. BigQuery is designed for petabyte-scale analytics and provides a SQL interface.
12. B. Cloud Dataflow allows for stream and batch processing of data and is well suited for
this kind of ETL work. Dataproc is a managed Hadoop and Spark service that is used for
big data analytics. Cloud Endpoints is an API service, and Cloud Interconnect is a network
service.
13. C. If a preemptible machine has not been shut down within 24 hours, Google will stop
the instance.
14. A. Organizations, folders, and projects are the components used to manage an organizational
hierarchy. Buckets, directories, and subdirectories are used to organize storage.
15. B. gcloud is the command-line tool for working with IAM, and list-grantable-roles is
the correct command.
16. A. gcloud is the command-line tool for manipulating compute resources, and zones
describe is the correct command.
17. C. iam.roles.create is correct; the other roles do not exist.
18. B. The /22 suffix produces 1,022 usable IP addresses.
19. A. Cloud Dataproc is the managed Spark service. Cloud Dataflow is for stream and batch
processing of data, BigQuery is for analytics, and Cloud Hadoop is not a GCP service.
20. D. Cloud Functions responds to events in Cloud Storage, making them a good choice for
taking an action after a file is loaded.
21. B. Google Cloud Interconnect – Dedicated is the only option for a dedicated connection
between a customer’s data center and a Google data center.
22. A. Enabling the Google Cloud KMS API and setting up billing are steps common to using
GCP services.
23. D. A node pool is a subset of node instances within a cluster that all have the same
configuration.
24. C. The GCP service for storing and managing Docker containers is Container Registry.
Cloud Build is for creating images. The others are not GCP services.
25. A. Node.js 6, Node.js 8, and Python are the languages supported by Cloud Functions.