1. C. App Engine is designed to support multiple tightly coupled services comprising an application, making option C the correct answer. This is unlike Cloud Functions, which is designed to support single-purpose functions that operate independently and in response to isolated events in the Google Cloud and complete within a specified period of time. Com- pute Engine is not a serverless option. Cloud Storage is not a computing product.
2. C. A timeout period that is too low would explain why the smaller files are processed in time but the largest are not, which makes option C the right answer. If only 10 percent of the files are failing, then it is not a syntax error or the wrong runtime selected, as in options A and B. Those errors would affect all files, not just the largest ones. Similarly, if there was a permission problem with the Cloud Storage bucket, it would affect all files.
3. B. Those actions are known as events in Google Cloud terminology; thus, option B is the correct answer. An incident may be a security or performance-related occurrence, but those are unrelated to the expected and standardized actions that constitute events. A trigger is
a declaration that a certain function should execute when an event occurs. A log entry is related to applications recording data about significant events. Log entries are helpful for monitoring and compliance, but in themselves are not event-related actions.
4. C. The correct answer is option C because SSL is a secure protocol for remotely accessing servers. It is used, for example, to access instances in Compute Engine. It does not have events that can be triggered using Cloud Functions. The three GCP products listed do generate events that can have triggers associated with them.
5. C. Cloud Functions supports three runtimes: Node.js 6, Node.js 8, and Python. Go and Node.js 5 are not supported runtimes.
6. D. HTTP requests using GET, POST, DELETE, PUT, and OPTIONS can invoke an HTTP
trigger in Cloud Functions, so option C is the right answer.
7. D. The correct answer, option D, shows the four events supported in Cloud Storage. google.storage.object.finalize
google.storage.object.delete
google.storage.object.archive
google.storage.object.metadataUpdate
8. C. There is no option to specify the file type to apply the function to, so option C is cor- rect. You can, however, specify the bucket to which the function is applied. You could only save files or the types you want processed in that bucket, or you could have your function check file type and then execute the rest of the function or not, based on type. All the other options listed are parameters to a Cloud Storage function.
9. D. Cloud Functions can have between 128MB and 2GB of memory allocated, which makes option D the correct answer. The default is 256MB.
10. B. By default Cloud Functions can run for up to 1 minute before timing out, so option B is correct. You can, however, set the timeout parameter for a cloud function for periods of up to 9 minutes before timing out.
11. B. Python Cloud Functions is currently in beta. The standard set of gcloud commands does not include commands for alpha or beta release features by default. You will need to explicitly install beta features using the gcloud components install beta command, so option B is the right answer. Option A will install standard gcloud commands. Options C and D are not valid gcloud commands.
12. A. The correct trigger in option A is google.storage.object.finalize, which occurs after a file is uploaded. Option B is not a valid trigger name. Option C triggers when a file
is archived, not uploaded. Option D is triggered when some metadata attribute changes, but not necessarily only after a file uploads.
13. C. The three parameters are runtime, trigger-resource, and trigger-event, as listed in option C. All must be set, so options A and B are incorrect. file-type is not a param- eter to creating a cloud function on Cloud Storage, so option D is incorrect.
14. A. The correct answer is option A, gcloud functions delete. Option B references components, which is incorrect. You do need to reference components when installing or updating gcloud commands but not when deleting a cloud function, so options B and C are incorrect. Option D is incorrect because the GCP entity type, in this case functions, comes before the name of the operation, in this case delete, in a gcloud command.
15. B. Messages are stored in a text format, base64, so that binary data can be stored in the message in a text format, so option B is correct. Option A is incorrect; it is needed to map from a binary encoding to a standard text encoding. Option C is incorrect because the function does not pad with extra characters to make them the same length. Option D is incorrect; it does not change dictionary data types into list data types.
16. C. Option C is correct because it includes the name of the function, the runtime environ- ment, and the name of the Pub/Sub topic. Option A is incorrect because it’s missing both the runtime and the topic. Option B is incorrect because it is missing the topic. Option D is incorrect because the runtime specification is incorrect; you have to specify python37 and not python as the runtime.
17. B. There is only one type of event that is triggered in Cloud Pub/Sub, and that is when a message is published, which is option B. Option A is incorrect; Cloud Pub/Sub has one event type that can have a trigger. Option C is incorrect; Cloud Pub/Sub does not analyze the code to determine when it should be run. Option D is incorrect; you do not have to specify an event type with Cloud Pub/Sub functions.
18. B. The correct answer is option B because it uses a Cloud Storage finalize event to trigger conversion if needed. There is minimal delay between the time the file is uploaded and when it is converted. Option A is a possibility but would require more coding than option B. Option C is not a good option because files are not converted until the batch job runs. Option D is incorrect because you cannot create a cloud function for Cloud Pub/Sub using a finalize event. That event is for Cloud Storage, not Cloud Pub/Sub.
19. D. All of the options are available along with zip from Cloud Storage.
20. A. The HTTP trigger allows for the use of POST, GET, and PUT calls, so option A is the correct answer. Webhook and Cloud HTTP are not valid trigger types. Option D is incorrect because option A is the correct answer.
