1. C. gsutil is the command-line utility for working with Cloud Storage. It is one of the few GCP services that does not use gcloud. (BigQuery and Bigtable are others.) Option C is the correct answer because mb, short for “make bucket,” is the verb that follows gsutil to create a bucket. Options A and D are wrong because they use gcloud instead of gsutil. Option B is wrong because it uses gsutil with a command syntax used by gcloud.
2. B. The correct answer is option B; gsutil is the command to copy files to Cloud Storage. Option A is incorrect; the verb is cp, not copy. Options C and D are wrong because gsutil, not gcloud, is the command-line utility for working with Cloud Storage.
3. C. From the console, you can upload both files and folders. Options A and B are incorrect because they are missing an operation that can be performed in the console. Option D is incorrect because there is no diff operation in Cloud Console.
4. D. When exporting a database from Cloud SQL, the export file format options are CSV and SQL, which makes option D correct. Option A is incorrect because XML is not an option. Options B and C are incorrect because JSON is not an option.
5. A. Option A, SQL format, exports a database as a series of SQL data definition commands. These commands can be executed in another relational database without having to first create a schema. Option B could be used, but that would require mapping columns to columns in a schema that was created before loading the CSV, and the database administrator would like to avoid that. Options C and D are incorrect because they are not export file format options.
6. C. Option C is the correct command, gcloud sql export sql, indicating that the service is Cloud SQL, the operation is export, and the export file format is SQL. The filename and target bucket are correctly formed. Option A is incorrect because it references gcloud storage, not gcloud sql. Option B is incorrect because it is missing an export file format parameter. Option D is incorrect because the bucket name and filename are in the wrong order.
7. A. Option A uses the correct command, which is gcloud datastore export followed by a namespace and a bucket name. Option B is incorrect because the bucket name is missing gs://. Options C and D are incorrect because they use the command dump instead of export. The bucket name in option D is missing gs://.
8. C. The export process creates a metadata file with information about the data exported and a folder that has the data itself, so option C is correct. Option A is incorrect because export does not produce a single file; it produces a metadata file and a folder with the data. Option B is incorrect because it does not include the data folder. Option D is incorrect because the correct answer is option C.
9. B. Option B is correct because XML is not an option in BigQuery’s export process. All other options are available.
10. D. Option D is correct because YAML is not a file storage format; it used for specifying configuration data. Options A, B, and C are all supported import file types.
11. A. The correct command is bq load in option A. The autodetect and source_format parameters and path to source are correctly specified in all options. Option B is incorrect because it uses the term import instead of load. Options C and D are incorrect because they use gcloud instead of bq.
12. B. The correct answer is B because Dataflow is a pipeline service for processing streaming and batch data that implements workflows used by Cloud Spanner. Option A is incorrect; Dataproc is a managed Hadoop and Spark service, which is used for data analysis. Option C is incorrect; Datastore is a NoSQL database. Option D is incorrect because bq is used with BigQuery only.
13. A. Bigtable data is exported using a compiled Java program, so option A is correct. Option B is incorrect; there is no gcloud Bigtable command. Option C is incorrect; bq is not used with Bigtable. Option D is incorrect because it does not export data from Bigtable.
14. C. Exporting from Dataproc exports data about the cluster configuration, which makes option C correct. Option A is incorrect; data in DataFrames is not exported. Option B is incorrect; Spark does not have tables for persistently storing data like relational databases. Option D is incorrect; no data from Hadoop is exported.
15. C. The correct answer is option C; the service Dataproc supports Apache Spark, which has libraries for machine learning. Options A and B are incorrect, neither is an analysis or machine learning service. Option D, DataAnalyze, is not an actual service.
16. A. The correct command in option A uses gcloud followed by the service, in this case pubsub, followed by the resource, in this case topics; and finally the verb, in this case create. Option B is incorrect because the last two terms are out of order. Options C and D are incorrect because they do not use gcloud. bq is the command-line tool for BigQuery. cbt is the command-line tool for Bigtable.
17. C. The correct answer, option C, uses gcloud pubsub subscriptions create followed by the topic and the name of the subscription. Option A is incorrect because it is missing the term subscriptions. Option B is incorrect because it is missing the name of the subscription. Option D is incorrect because it uses gsutil instead of gcloud.
18. B. Using a message queue between services decouples the services, so if one lags it does not cause other services to lag, which makes option B correct. Option A is incorrect because adding a message queue does not directly mitigate any security risks that might exist in the distributed system, such as overly permissive permissions. Option C is incorrect; adding a queue is not directly related to programming languages. Option D is incorrect; by default, message queues have a retention period.
19. B. The correct answer is B, gcloud components followed by install and then beta. Option A is incorrect because beta and install are in the wrong order. Options C and D are wrong because commands is used instead of components.
20. A. The correct parameter name is autodetect, which is option A. Options B and C are not actually valid bq parameters. Option D is a valid parameter, but it returns the estimated size of data scanned to when executing a query.
21. A. Avro supports Deflate and Snappy compression. CSV supports Gzip and no compression. XML and Thrift are not export file type options.
