1. D. Virtual private clouds are global, so option D is correct. By default, they have subnets in all regions. Resources in any region can be accessed through the VPC. Options A, B, and C are all incorrect.
2. B. IP ranges are assigned to subnets, so option B is correct. Each subnet is assigned an IP range for its exclusive use. IP ranges are assigned network structures, not zones and regions. VPCs can have multiple subnets but each subnet has its own address range.
3. B. Option B is correct; dynamic routing is the parameter that specifies whether routes are learned regionally or globally. Option A is incorrect; DNS is a name resolution service and is not involved with routing. Option C is incorrect; there is no static routing policy param- eter. Option D is incorrect because global routing is not an actual option.
4. A. The correct answer is gcloud compute networks create, which is option A. Option B is incorrect; networks vpc is not a correct part of the command. Option C is incorrect because gsutil is the command used to work with Cloud Storage. Option D is incorrect because there is no such thing.
5. A. The Flow Log option of the create vpc command determines whether logs are sent to Stackdriver, so option A is correct. Option B, Private IP Access, determines whether an external IP address is needed by a VM to use Google services. Option C is incorrect because Stackdriver Logging is the service, not a parameter used when creating a sub- net. Option D is incorrect because variable-length subnet masking has to do with CIDR addresses, not logging.
6. C. Shared VPCs can be created at the organization or folder level of the resource hierarchy, so option C is correct. Options A and B are incorrect; shared VPCs are not created at the resource or project levels. Option D is incorrect; shared VPCs are not applied at subnets, which are resources in the resource hierarchy.
7. A. The correct answer is the Networking tab of the Management, Security, Disks, Net- working, Sole Tenancy section of the form, which makes option A correct. The Manage- ment tab is not about subnet configurations. Option D is incorrect because it does not lead to Sole Tenancy options.
8. A. VPC is used for interproject communications. Option B is incorrect; there is no inter- project peering. Options C and D are incorrect; they have to do with linking on-premise networks with networks in GCP.
9. B. The target can be all instances in a network, instances with particular network tags, or instances using a specific service account, so option B is correct. Option A is incorrect; action is either allow or deny. Option C is incorrect; priority determines which of all the matching rules is applied. Option D is incorrect; it specifies whether the rule is applied to incoming or outgoing traffic.
10. D. Direction specifies whether the rule is applied to incoming or outgoing traffic, which makes option D the right answer. Option A is incorrect; action is either allow or deny. Option B is incorrect; target specifies the set of instances that the rule applies to. Option C is incorrect; priority determines which of all matching rules is applied.
11. A. The 0.0.0.0/0 matches all IP addresses, so option A is correct. Option B represents a block of 16,777,214 addresses. Option C represents a block of 1,048,574 addresses. Option D represents a block of 65,534. You can experiment with CIDR block options using a CIDR calculator such as the one at www.subnet-calculator.com/cidr.php.
12. B. The product you are working with is compute and the resource you are creating is a fire- wall rule, so option B is correct. Options A and C references network instead of compute. Option D references rules instead of firewall-rules.
13. B. The correct parameter is network, which makes option B correct. Option A is incorrect; subnet is not a parameter to gcloud to create a firewall. Option C is incorrect; desti- nation is not a valid parameter. Option D is incorrect; source-ranges is for specifying sources of network traffic the rule applies to.
14. A. The rule in option A uses the correct gcloud command and specifies the allow and direction parameters. Option B is incorrect because it references gcloud network instead of gcloud compute. Option C is incorrect because it does not specify the port range. Option D is incorrect because it does not specify the protocol or port range.
15. D. Option D is correct because it is the largest number allowed in the range of values for priorities. The larger the number, the lower the priority. Having the lowest priority will ensure that other rules that match will apply.
16. C. The VPC create option is available in the Hybrid Connectivity section, so option C is cor- rect. Compute Engine, App Engine, and IAM & Admin do not have features related to VPNs.
17. C. The Google Compute Engine VPN is where you specify information about the Google Cloud end of the VPN connection, so option C is correct. You specify name, descrip- tion, network, region, and IP address. Option A is incorrect because tunnels are about the connections between the cloud and the remote network. Option B is incorrect; Routing Options is about how to configure routers. Option D is incorrect; IKE Version is about exchanging secret keys.
18. A. Option A is correct because global dynamic routing is used to learn all routes on a net- work. Option B is incorrect; regional routing would learn only routes in a region. Options C and D are incorrect because they are not used to configure routing options.
19. B. The autonomous system number (ASN) is a number used to identify a cloud router on a network, so option B is correct. IP addresses are not unique identifiers for the BGP protocol. Option C is incorrect; there is no dynamic load routing ID. Option D is incorrect because option B is correct.
20. D. When using gcloud to create a VPN, you need to create forwarding rules, tunnels, and gateways, so all the gcloud commands listed would be used.
