1. D. Categories of solutions include all of the categories mentioned, so option D is correct. Others include Kubernetes Apps, API & Services, and Databases.
2. B. The Cloud Launcher is also known as Marketplace, so option B is correct. Option A is incorrect because the Cloud Deployment Manager is used to create deployment templates. Options C and D are fictional names of services.
3. A. You launch a solution by clicking the Launch on Compute Engine link in the overview page, so option A is correct. Option B is incorrect; the main page has summary informa- tion about the products. Option C is incorrect; Network Services is unrelated to this topic. Option D is incorrect because option A is the correct answer.
4. B. Cloud Launcher has a set of predefined filters, including filtering by operating system, so option B is correct. Option A may eventually lead to the correct information, but it is not efficient. Option D is incorrect because it is impractical for such a simple task.
5. B. Multiple vendors may offer configurations for the same applications, so option B is cor- rect. This gives users the opportunity to choose the one best suited to their requirements. Options A and C are incorrect; this is a feature of Cloud Launcher. Option D is incorrect because option B is the correct answer.
6. C. Cloud Launcher will display configuration options appropriate for the application you are deploying, so option C is correct. For example, when deploying WordPress, you will have the option of deploying an administration tool for PHP. Option A is incorrect; this is a feature of Cloud Launcher. Option B is incorrect; you are not necessarily on the wrong form. Option D is incorrect; this is a feature of Cloud Launcher.
7. D. You can change the configuration of any of the items listed, so option D is correct. You can also specify firewall rules to allow both HTTP and HTTPS traffic or change the zone in which the VM runs.
8. B. Deployment Manager is the name of the service for creating application resources using a YAML configuration file, so option B is correct. Option A is incorrect, although you could use scripts with gcloud commands to deploy resources in Compute Engine. Options C and D are incorrect because those are fictitious names of products.
9. D. Configuration files are defined in YAML syntax, so option D is correct. Options A, B, and C are all incorrect; configuration files are defined in YAML.
10. B. Configuration files define resources and start with the term resources, so option B is cor- rect. Options A, B, and C are all incorrect. Those terms do not start the configuration file.
11. D. All three, type, properties, and name, are used when defining resources in a Cloud Deployment Manager configuration file, so option D is correct.
12. D. All three can be set; specifically, the keys are deviceName, boot, and autodelete. Option D is correct.
13. A. Option A is the correct command. Option B is incorrect; it is missing the term compute. Option C is incorrect; gsutil is the command for working with Cloud Storage. Option D is incorrect because the terms list and images are in the wrong order.
14. D. Google recommends using Python for complicated templates, so option D is correct. Option A is incorrect because Jinja2 is recommended only for simple templates. Options B and C are incorrect; neither language is supported for templates.
15. A. The correct answer is gcloud deployment-manager deployments create, so option A is correct. Options B and D are incorrect; the service is not called cloud-launcher in the command. Option C is incorrect; launch is not a valid verb for this command.
16. C. The correct answer is gcloud deployment-manager deployments describe, so option C is correct. Options A and D are incorrect; cloud-launcher is not the name of the service. Option B is incorrect; list displays a brief summary of each deployment. describe displays a detailed description.
17. A. You will be able to configure IP addresses, so option A is correct. You cannot configure billing or access controls in Deployment Manager, so options B and C are incorrect. You can configure the machine type, but that is not the More section of Networking.
18. D. The correct answer is option D because free, paid, and BYOL are all license options used in Cloud Launcher.
19. B. The paid license types include payment for the license in your GCP charges, so option B is correct. The free license type does not incur charges. The BYOL license type requires you to work with the software vendor to get and pay for a license. There is no such license type as chargeback, so option D is incorrect.
20. D. LAMP is short for Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP. All are included when installing LAMP solutions, so option D is correct.
