1. B. IAM stands for Identity and Access Management, so option B is correct. Option A is incorrect; the A does not stand for authorization, although that is related. Option C is incorrect; the A does not stand for auditing, although that is related. Option D is incorrect. IAM also works with groups, not just individuals.
2. A. Members and their roles are listed, so option A is correct. Options B and C are incorrect because they are missing the other main piece of information provided in the listing. Option D is incorrect; permissions are not displayed on that page.
3. B. Primitive roles were created before IAM and provided coarse-grained access controls, so option B is correct. Option A is incorrect; they are used for access control. Option C is incorrect; IAM is the newer form of access control. Option D is incorrect; they do provide access control functionality.
4. B. Roles are used to group permissions that can then be assigned to identities, so option B is correct. Option A is incorrect; roles do not have identities, but identities can be granted roles. Option C is incorrect; roles do not use access control lists. Option D is incorrect; roles do not include audit logs. Logs are collected and managed by Stackdriver Logging.
5. C. The correct answer is gcloud projects get-iam-policy ace-exam-project, so option C is correct. Option A is incorrect because the resource should be projects and not iam. Option B is incorrect; list does not provide detailed descriptions. Option D is incor- rect because iam and list are incorrectly referenced.
6. B. New members can be users, indicated by their email addresses, or groups, so option B is correct. Option A is incorrect; it does not include groups. Options C and D are incorrect because roles are not added there.
7. D. Deployers can read application configurations and settings and write new application versions, so option D is correct. Option A is incorrect because it is missing the ability to read configurations and settings. Option B is incorrect because it is missing writing new versions. Option C is incorrect because it references writing new configurations.
8. B. The correct steps are navigating to IAM & Admin, selecting Roles, and then checking the box next to a role, so option B is correct. Option A is incorrect; all roles are not dis- played automatically. Option C is incorrect; audit logs do not display permissions. Option D is incorrect; there is no Roles option in Service Accounts.
9. D. Predefined roles help implement both least privilege and separation of duties, so option D is correct. Predefined roles do not implement defense in depth by themselves but could be used with other security controls to implement defense in depth.
10. D. The four launch stages available are alpha, beta, general availability, and disabled, so option D is correct.
11. B. The correct answer, option B, is gcloud iam roles create. Option A is incorrect because it references project instead of iam. Option C is incorrect because it references project instead of iam, and the terms create and roles are out of order. Option D is incorrect because the terms create and roles are out of order.
12. B. Scopes are permissions granted to VM instances, so option B is correct. Scopes in com- bination with IAM roles assigned to service accounts assigned to the VM instance deter- mine what operations the VM instance can perform. Options A and C are incorrect; scopes do not apply to storage resources. Option D is incorrect; scopes do not apply to subnets.
13. C. Scope identifiers start with https://www.googleapis.com/auth/ and are followed by a scope-specific name, such as devstorage.read_only or logging.write, so option C is correct. Option A is incorrect; scope IDs are not randomly generated. Option B is incorrect; the domain name is not googleserviceaccounts. Option D is incorrect; scopes are not linked directly to projects.
14. C. Both scopes and IAM roles assigned to service accounts must allow an operation for it to succeed, so option C is correct. Option A is incorrect; access controls do not affect the flow of control in applications unless explicitly coded for that. Option B is incorrect; the most permissive permission is not used. Option D is incorrect; the operation will not succeed.
15. B. The options for setting scopes are: Allow Default Access, Allow Full Access, and Set Access For Each API, so option B is correct. Option A is incorrect; it is missing Set Access For Each API. Option C is incorrect; it is missing Allow Default Access. Option D is incor- rect; it is missing Allow Full Access.
16. B. The correct command is gcloud compute instances set-service-account, so option B is correct. Option A is incorrect; there is no set-scopes command verb. Option C is incorrect; the command verb is not set-scopes. Option D is incorrect; there is no command verb define-scopes.
17. A. You can assign a service account when creating a VM using the create command. Option B is incorrect; there is no create-service-account command verb. Option C is incorrect; there is no define-service-account command verb. Option D is incorrect; there is no instances-service-account command; also, create should come at the end of the command.
18. C. Stackdriver Logging collects, stores, and displays log messages, so option C is correct. Option A is incorrect; Compute Engine does not manage logs. Option B is incorrect; Cloud Storage is not used to view logs, although log files can be stored there. Option D is incor- rect; custom logging solutions are not GCP services.
19. B. Logs can be filtered by resource, type of logs, log level, and period of time only, so option B is correct. Options A, C, and D are incorrect because they are missing at least one option.
20. B. This is an example of assigning the least privilege required to perform a task, so option B is correct. Option A is incorrect; defense in depth combines multiple security controls. Option C is incorrect because it is having different people perform sensitive tasks. Option D is incorrect; vulnerability scanning is a security measure applied to applications that helps reveal potential vulnerabilities in an application that an attacker could exploit.
