1. What does IAM stand for?

A. Identity and Authorization Management

B. Identity and Access Management

C. Identity and Auditing Management

D. Individual Access Management
2. When you navigate to IAM & Admin in Cloud Console, what appears in the main body of the page?

A. Members and roles assigned

B. Roles only

C. Members only

D. Roles and permissions assigned
3. Why are primitive roles classified in a category in addition to IAM?

A. They are part of IAM.

B. They were created before IAM.

C. They were created after IAM.

D. They are not related to access control.
4. A developer intern is confused about what roles are used for. You describe IAM roles as a
collection of what?

A. Identities

B. Permissions

C. Access control lists

D. Audit logs
5. You want to list roles assigned to users in a project called ace-exam-project. What gcloud command would you use?

A. gcloud iam get-iam-policy ace-exam-project

B. gcloud projects list ace-exam-project

C. gcloud projects get-iam-policy ace-exam-project
D. gcloud iam list ace-exam-project
6. You are working in the form displayed after clicking the Add link in the IAM form of IAM & Admin in Cloud Console. There is a parameter called New Members. What items would you enter in that parameter?

A. Individual users only

B. Individual users or groups

C. Roles or individual users

D. Roles or groups
7. You have been assigned the App Engine Deployer role. What operations can you perform?

A. Write new versions of an application only

B. Read application configuration and settings only

C. Read application configuration and settings and write new configurations

D. Read application configuration and settings and write new versions
8. You want to list permissions in a role using Cloud Console. Where would you go to
see that?

A. IAM & Admin; select Roles. All permissions will be displayed.

B. IAM & Admin; select Roles. Check the box next to a role to display the permissions in that role.

C. IAM & Admin; select Audit Logs.

D. IAM & Admin; select Service Accounts and then Roles.
9. You are meeting with an autidor to discuss security practices in the cloud. The auditor asks how you implement several best practices. You describe how IAM predefined roles help to implement which security best practice(s)?

A. Least privilege

B. Separation of duties

C. Defense in depth

D. Options A and B
10. What launch stages are available when creating custom roles?

A. Alpha and beta only

B. General availability only

C. Disabled only

D. Alpha, beta, general availability, and disabled
11. The gcloud command to create a custom role is what?

A. gcloud project roles create

B. gcloud iam roles create

C. gcloud project create roles

D. gcloud iam create roles
12. A DevOps engineer is confused about the purpose of scopes. Scopes are access controls that
are applied to what kind of resources?

A. Storage buckets

B. VM instances

C. Persistent disks

D. Subnets
13. A scope is identified using what kind of identifier?

A. A randomly generated ID

B. A URL beginning with https://www.googleserviceaccounts/

C. A URL beginning with https://www.googleapis.com/auth/

D. A URL beginning with https://www.googleapis.com/auth/PROJECT_ID]
14. A VM instance is trying to read from a Cloud Storage bucket. Reading the bucket is allowed by IAM roles granted to the service account of the VM. Reading buckets is denied by the scopes assigned to the VM. What will happen if the VM tries to read from the bucket?

A. The application performing the read will skip over the read operation.

B. The read will execute because the most permissive permission is allowed.

C. The read will not execute because both scopes and IAM roles are applied to determine what operations can be performed.

D. The read operation will succeed, but a message will be logged to Stackdriver Logging.
15. What are the options for setting scopes in a VM?

A. Allow Default Access and Allow Full Access only

B. Allow Default Access, Allow Full Access, and Set Access for Each API

C. Allow Full Access or Set Access For Each API only

D. Allow Default Access and Set Access For Each API only
16. What gcloud command would you use to set scopes?

A. gcloud compute instances set-scopes

B. gcloud compute instances set-service-account
C. gcloud compute service-accounts set-scopes

D. gcloud compute service-accounts define-scopes
17. What gcloud command would you use to assign a service account when creating a VM?

A. gcloud compute instances create [INSTANCE_NAME]
--service-account [SERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL]

B. gcloud compute instances create-service-account [INSTANCE_NAME][SERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL]

C. gcloud compute instances define-service-account [INSTANCE_NAME][SERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL]

D. gcloud compute create instances-service-account [INSTANCE_NAME][SERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL]
18. What GCP service is used to view audit logs?

A. Compute Engine

B. Cloud Storage

C. Stackdriver Logging

D. Custom logging
19. What options are available for filtering log messages when viewing audit logs?

A. Period time and log level only

B. Resource, type of log, log level, and period of time only

C. Resource and period of time only

D. Type of log only
20. An auditor needs to review audit logs. You assign read-only permission to a custom role you
create for auditors. What security best practice are you following?

A. Defense in depth

B. Least privilege

C. Separation of duties

D. Vulnerability scanning