1. B. The Monitoring service is used to set a threshold on metrics and generate alerts when a metric exceeds the threshold for a specified period of time, so option B is correct. Option A is incorrect; Logging is for collecting logged events. Option C is incorrect; Cloud Trace is for application tracing. Option D is incorrect; Debug is used to debug applications.
2. B. You must install the monitoring agent on the VM. The agent will collect data and send it to Stackdriver, so option B is correct. Option A is incorrect because a Workspace is not installed on a VM; it is created in Stackdriver. Option C is incorrect; there is no Monitor With Stackdriver check box in the VM configuration form. Option D is incorrect because you set notification channels in Stackdriver, not on a VM.
3. D. Stackdriver can monitor resources in GCP, AWS, and in on-premise data centers, so option D is correct. Options A through C are incorrect because they do not include two other correct options.
4. B. Aligning is the process of separating data points into regular buckets, so option B is correct. Option A is incorrect; aggregation is used to combine data points using a statistic, such as mean. Options C and D are incorrect; they are not processes related to processing streams of metric data.
5. D. All three options are valid notification channels in Stackdriver Monitoring, so option D is correct. PagerDuty and HipChat are popular DevOps tools.
6. D. The documentation is useful for documenting the purpose of the policy and for provid- ing guidance for solving the problem, so option D is correct. Option A is incorrect; where a policy is stored is irrelevant to its usefulness. Options B and C alone are partially correct, but option D is a better answer.
7. A. Alert fatigue is a state caused by too many alert notifications being sent for events that do not require human intervention, so option A is correct. This creates the risk that eventu- ally DevOps engineers will begin to pay less attention to notifications. Option B is incor- rect, although it is conceivable that too many alerts could adversely impact performance, but that is not likely. Option C is a potential problem, too, but that is not alert fatigue. Option D is incorrect because too many true alerts contribute to alert fatigue.
8. C. Stackdriver Logging stores log entries for 30 days, so option C is correct.
9. B. The best option is to use Stackdriver Logging’s export functionality to write log data to a log sink, so option B is correct. Option A is incorrect; there is a way to export data. Options C and D are incorrect because writing a custom script would take more time to develop and maintain than using Logging’s export functionality.
10. D. All three, Cloud Storage buckets, BigQuery data sets, and Cloud Pub/Sub topics, are available as sinks for logging exports, so option D is correct.
11. D. All of the options listed can be used to filter, so option D is correct. Log level is another option as well.
12. B. The correct answer, option B, is halted. There is no such standard log level status. Sta- tuses include Critical, Error, Warning, Info, and Debug.
13. B. The fastest way to see the details is to expand all levels of structured data in the entry, so option B is correct. Option A would show the details, but it is not the fastest way. Option C is more time-consuming than using the functionality built into Stackdriver Logging. Option D is incorrect; there is no such link.
14. C. Cloud Trace is a distributed tracing application that provides details on how long dif- ferent parts of code run, so option C is correct. Option A is incorrect; monitoring is used to notify DevOps engineers when resources are not functioning as expected. Option B is incorrect; Logging is for collecting, storing, and viewing log data, and although log entries might help diagnose bottlenecks, it is not specifically designed for that. Option D is incor- rect; Debug is used to generate snapshots and inject logpoints.
15. D. Debug is used to generate snapshots that provide a view of the status of an application at a particular point in its execution, so option D is correct. Option A is incorrect; moni- toring is used to notify DevOps engineers when resources are not functioning as expected. Option B is incorrect; Logging is for collecting, storing, and viewing log data. Option C is incorrect because Cloud Trace is a distributed tracing application that provides details on how long different parts of code run.
16. B. The Google Cloud Status Dashboard at https://status.cloud.google.com/ has information on the status of GCP services, so option B is correct. Options A and B might lead to information, but they would take longer. Option C is not a link to a source of infor- mation on BigQuery.
17. B. Both Compute Engine and Kubernetes Engine will require details about the VMs’ con- figurations, so option B is correct. The other options are incorrect because BigQuery and Cloud Pub/Sub are serverless services.
18. C. Query pricing in BigQuery is based on the amount of data scanned, so option C is cor- rect. Option A is incorrect; the amount of data storage is specified in the Storage Pricing section. Option B is incorrect; query pricing is not based on the volume of data returned. Option D is incorrect because this is not related to Cloud Storage. Option D is incorrect because option C is correct.
19. B. Some operating systems, like Microsoft Windows Server, require a license, so option B is correct. Google sometimes has arrangements with vendors to collect fees for using pro- prietary software. Option A is incorrect; there is no fixed rate charge for operating systems. Option C is incorrect; the information is sometimes needed to compute charges. Option D is incorrect because if you Bring Your Own License, there is no additional license charge.
20. B. OpenCensus is a library for developing custom metrics that can be used with Stackdriver Logging, so option B is correct. Option A is incorrect; Prometheus is an open source moni- toring tool, but it is not used to define custom metrics in Stackdriver Monitoring. Option C is incorrect; Grafana is a visualization tools for Prometheus. Option D is incorrect; Nagios is an open source monitoring and alerting service, but it is not used for defining custom metrics in Stackdriver Logging.
