1. C. Cloud Load Balancing distributes workloads within and across regions, provides health checks, and implements autoscaling. Cloud DNS provides domain name services, such as translating a URL like www.example.com to an IP address. Cloud Spanner is a distributed relational database but does not implement workload distribution. Cloud CDN distributes content across regions to reduce latency when delivering content to users across the globe.
2. C. App Engine flexible environments allow you to run containers on the App Engine PaaS. Kubernetes Engine is an orchestration platform for running containers. Both provide con- tainer management services. The App Engine standard environment runs applications in language-specific sandboxes and is not a general container management system. Cloud Functions is a serverless service for running code in response to events. It does not provide container services.
3. D. Options A and B are both correct answers. The Apigee API platform provides policy- based rate-limiting and routing services to help accommodate spikes in traffic. It also provides OAuth 2.0 and SAML authentication. It does not provide version control; Cloud Source Repositories is the service user for version control.
4. A. Cloud Armor builds on GCP’s load balancing services to provide the ability to allow or restrict access based on IP address, deploy rules to counter cross-site scripting attacks, and provide countermeasures to SQL injection attacks. Cloud CDN is a content distribution service, not a security service. Identity Access Management is a security service, but it is for authentication and authorization, not denial-of-service mitigation. Virtual private clouds are used to restrict network access to an organization’s resources, but it does not have fea- tures to mitigate denial-of-service attacks. Also, Cloud CDN acts as a first line of defense in the case of DDoS attacks.
5. A. This is a good use case for preemptible VMs because they could reduce the cost of run- ning the second application without the risk of losing work. Since tasks are deleted from the queue only after they are completed if a preemptible VM is shut down before completing the task, another VM can perform the task. Also, there is no harm in running a task more than once, so if two VMs do the same task, it will not adversely affect the output of the application. DataProc and Spanner are not appropriate products for this task.
6. B. Cloud Memorystore is the only GCP designed to cache data in memory. Cloud SQL is
a relational database service and might be a good option for the backend database. Cloud Spanner is a global relational database and is a good option when you need a globally con- sistent database. Cloud Datastore is a document database suitable for product catalogs, user profiles, and other semistructured data.
7. D. All three of the services listed, Compute Engine, Cloud Storage, and network firewalls, can be managed and configured using Cloud SDK.
8. D. Cloud Functions is a serverless product, no configuration is required.
9. D. The Stackdriver Logging product is used to consolidate and manage logs generated by
applications and servers.
10. B. The data analytics set of specialized services includes products that help with extraction, transformation, and loading (ETL) and work with both batch and streaming data. The Api- gee API platform is used for managing APIs and does not meet the needs described. AI and machine learning might be useful for analyzing data in the data warehouse, but the services in that set are not always helpful for ETL operations. Cloud SDK is used to control services but by itself is not directly able to perform the operations needed.
11. B. Bigtable is designed to accept billions of rows of data. Collecting data from
100,000 sensors every 5 seconds will generate 6,000,000 data points every minute, or 8,640,000,000 data points per day. Spanner is a relational database and supports transac- tions, but they are not needed. Cloud SQL MySQL and Cloud SQL PostgreSQL would be difficult to scale to this level of read and write performance.
12. A. Cloud Firestore is a mobile database service that can synchronize data between mobile devices and centralized storage. Spanner is a global relational database for large-scale applications that require transaction support in highly scaled databases. Datastore and Cloud SQL could be used but would require more custom development to synchronize data between mobile devices and the centralized data store.
13. B. A computationally intensive application obviously requires high CPUs, but the fact that there are many mathematical calculations indicates that a GPU should be used. You might consider running this in a cluster, but the work is not easily distributed over multiple serv- ers, so you will need to have a single server capable of handling the load. Immediate access to large amounts of data indicates that a high-memory machine should be recommended.
14. B. Identities are abstractions of users. They can also represent characteristics of processes that run on behalf of a human user or a VM in the GCP. Identities are not related to VM IDs. Roles are collections of privileges that can be granted to identities. Option D is synonymous with option C.
15. C. Cloud Natural Language Processing provides functionality for analyzing text. Cloud Text Miner does not exist. Cloud ML is a general-purpose machine learning service that could be applied to text analysis but would require knowledge of language processing, which the client does not have. Cloud Vision is for image processing.
16. B. Both options B and D would meet the need of running Spark, which would give the data scientists access to the machine library they need. However, option D requires that they manage and monitor the cluster of servers, which would require more DevOps and admin- istration work than if they used the Dataproc service. Option C, BigQuery, is a scalable database, not a platform for running Spark. Cloud Spark is a fictitious product and does not exist in the GCP.
17. B. Option B is correct. Spanner supports ANSI 2011 standard SQL and global transac- tions. Cloud SQL supports standard SQL but does not have global transaction. Datastore and Bigtable are NoSQL databases.
18. A. Dataproc is designed to execute workflows in both batch and streaming modes, which makes option A correct. BigQuery is a data warehouse service. Datastore is a document database. AutoML is a machine learning service.
19. C. App Engine standard environment provides a serverless Python sandbox that scales automatically, so option C is correct. App Engine flexible environment runs containers and requires more configuration. Cloud Engine and Kubernetes Engine both require significant management and monitoring.
20. D. Error reporting consolidates crash information, which makes Error Reporting the right answer. Monitoring collects metrics on application and server performance. Logging is a log management service. Dataproc is not part of Stackdriver; it is a managed Hadoop and Spark service.
