1. A. Option A, the correct answer, separates the two main applications into their own fold- ers and further allows separating private insurance from government payer, but using folders for each. This satisfies the regulatory need to keep the government payer software isolated from other software. Option B does not include an organization, which is the root of the resource hierarchy. Option C is not flexible with regard to differences in constraints on different applications. Option D is false because option A does meet the requirements.
2. C. Resource hierarchies have a single organization at the root, which makes option C cor- rect. Below that, there are folders that can contain other folders or projects. Folders can contain multiple folders and multiple projects.
3. B. Service accounts are designed to give applications or VMs permission to perform tasks. Billing accounts are for associating charges with a payment method. Folders are part of resource hierarchies and have nothing to do with enabling an application to perform a task. Messaging accounts are a fictitious option.
4. B. Inherited policies can be overridden by defining a policy at a folder or project level. Service accounts and billing accounts are not part of the resource hierarchy and are not involved in overriding policies.
5. E. All of the listed types of constraints are supported in policies.
6. B. Option B is the correct answer because Publisher is not a primitive role. Owner, Editor,
and Viewer are the three primitive privileges in GCP.
7. D. Primitive roles only include the Owner, Editor, and View permissions. Predefined roles are designed for GCP products and services, like App Engine and BigQuery. For a custom application, you can create sets of privileges that give the user with that role as much per- mission as needed but not more.
8. D. Users should have only the privileges that are needed to carry out their duties. This is the principle of least privilege. Rotation of duties is another security principle related to having different people perform a task at a different times. Defense in depth is the practice of using multiple security controls to protect the same asset. Option B is not a real security principal.
9. A. A resource hierarchy has only one organization, which makes option A correct. You can, however, create multiple folders and projects within a resource hierarchy.
10. B. In option B, the correct answer, the billing account is used to specify payment infor- mation and should be used to set up automatic payments. Service accounts are used to grant privileges to a VM and are not related to billing and payments. Resource accounts and credit accounts do not exist.
11. C. GCP offers a free service level for many products, which makes option C the correct answer. You can use these services without having to set up a billing account. Google charges for serverless products, such as Cloud Functions and App Engine, when customers exceed the amount allowed under the free tier.
12. D. Stackdriver Workspaces are linked to projects, not individual resources like VM instances, clusters, or App Engine apps, so option D is correct. Options A, B, and C all incorrectly indicate that Workspaces are associated with individual compute resources.
13. D. Large enterprises should use invoicing when incurring large charges, which makes option D the right answer. A self-service account is appropriate only for amounts that are within the credit limits of credit cards. Since the subdivisions are independently managed and have their own budgets, each should have its own billing accounts.
14. A. When a user is granted iam.serviceAccountUser at the project level, that user can manage all service accounts in the project, so option A is correct. If a new service account is created, they will automatically have privilege to manage that service account. You could grant iam.serviceAccountUser to the administrator at the service account level, but that would require setting the role for all service accounts. If a new service account is created, the application administrator would have to grant iam.serviceAccountUser to the other administrator on the new service account. iam.serviceProjectAccountUser is a fictional role.
15. C. When a service account is created, Google generates encrypted keys for authentication, making option C correct. Usernames and passwords are not an option for service accounts. Two-factor authentication is an authentication practice that requires two forms of authen- tication, such as a username password pair and a code from an authentication device. Bio- metrics cannot be used by services and is not an option.
16. B. Service accounts are resources that are managed by administrators, but they also func- tion as identities that can be assigned roles, which makes option B the correct answer. Billing accounts are not related to identities. Projects are not identities; they cannot take
on roles. Roles are resources but not identities. They can take on privileges, but those privi- leges are used only when they are attached to an identity.
17. B. Predefined roles are defined for a particular product, such as App Services or Compute Engine, so option B is the right answer. They bundle privileges often needed together when managing or using a service. Primitive roles are building blocks for other roles. Custom roles are created by users to meet their particular needs; Application roles is a fictitious role.
18. B. By default all users in an organization can create projects, which makes option B cor- rect. The role resourcemanager.projects.create is the role that allows users to create projects. The billing account is not associated with creating projects.
19. D. The maximum number of organizations is determined on a per-account basis by Google, so option D is the correct answer. If you need additional organizations, you can contact Google and ask for an increase in your limit.
20. B. Users with the Organization IAM role are not necessarily responsible for determining what privileges should be assigned to users. That is determined based on the person’s role in the organization and the security policies established within the organization, which makes option B correct.
