1. B. The App Engine standard environment can run Python applications, which can autoscale down to no instances when there is no load and thereby minimize costs. Compute Engine and the App Engine flexible environment both require more configuration management than the App Engine standard environment. Kubernetes Engine is used when a cluster of servers is needed to support large or multiple applications using the same computing resources.
2. A. Database servers require high availability to respond to queries from users or applica- tions. Preemptible machines are guaranteed to shut down in at most 24 hours. A batch processing job with no fixed time requirements could use preemptible machines as long as the VM is restarted. High-performance computing clusters can use preemptible machines because work on a preemptible machine can be automatically rescheduled for another node on the cluster when a server is preempted. D is incorrect because there is a correct answer in the set of options.
3. A. VMs are created in projects, which are part of the resource hierarchy. They are also located in geographic regions and data centers, so a zone is specified as well. Usernames and admin roles are not specified during creation. The billing account is tied to a project and so does not have to be specified when the VM is created. Cloud storage buckets are created independently of VMs. Not all VMs will make use of storage buckets.
4. C. Compute Engine can run Docker containers if you install Docker on the VM. Kubernetes and the App Engine flexible environment support Docker containers. The App Engine standard environment provides language-specific runtime environments and does not allow customers to specify custom Docker images for use.
5. B. The name of the file that is used to build and configure a Docker container is Dockerfile.
6. D. Kubernetes uses 25 percent of memory up to 4GB and then slightly less for the next 4GB, and it continues to reduce the percentage of additional memory down to 2 percent of memory over 128GB.
7. B. Kubernetes provides load balancing, scaling, and automatic upgrading of software. It does not provide vulnerability scanning. GCP does have a Cloud Security Scanner product, but that is designed to work with App Engine to identify common application vulnerabilities.
8. D. The scenario described is a good fit for Kubernetes. Each of the groups of services can be structured in pods and deployed using Kubernetes deployment. Kubernetes Engine manages node health, load balancing, and scaling. App Engine Standard Edition has language-specific sandboxes and is not a good fit for this use case. Cloud Functions is designed for short-running event processing and is not the kind of continuous processing needed in this scenario. Compute Engine could meet the requirements of this use case, but it would require more effort on the part of application administrators and DevOps professionals to configure load balancers, monitor health, and manage software deployments.
9. B. This is an ideal use case for Cloud Functions. The cloud function is triggered by a file upload event. The cloud function calls the image processing service. With this setup, the two services are independent. No additional servers are required. Option A violates the requirement to keep the services independent. Options C and D incur more management overhead and will probably cost more to operate than option B.
10. D. Each invocation of a cloud function runs in a secure, isolated runtime environment. There is no need to check whether other invocations are running. With the Cloud Functions service, there is no way for a developer to control code execution at the process or thread level.
11. A. You would create a custom image after you installed the custom code, in this case the encryption library. A public image does not contain custom code, but it could be used as the base that you add custom code to. Both CentOS and Ubuntu are Linux distributions. You could use either as the base image that you add custom code to, but on their own, they do not have custom code.
12. B. Projects are the lowest level of the resource hierarchy. The organization is at the top of the hierarchy, and folders are between the organization and projects. VM instances are not part of the resource hierarchy.
13. D. All Google regions have the same level of service level agreement, so reliability is the same. Costs may differ between regions. Regulations may require that data stay within a geographic area, such as the European Union. Latency is a consideration when you want a region that is close to end users or data you will need is already stored in a particular region.
14. B. Compute Engine Admin Role is the role that gives users complete control over instances. Options A and C are fictitious roles. Compute Engine Security Admin gives users the privi- leges to create, modify, and delete SSL certificates and firewall rules.
15. D. Preemptible VMs will be terminated after 24 hours. Google does not guarantee that preemptible VMs will be available. Once an instance is started as a preemptible machine, it cannot migrate to a regular VM. You could, however, save a snapshot and use that to create a new regular instance.
16. C. Custom VMs can have up to 64 CPUs and up to 6.5GB of memory per vCPU.
17. C. The C programming language is not supported in the App Engine standard environ- ment. If you need to run a C application, it can be compiled and run in a container running in the App Engine flexible environment.
18. B. Kubernetes reserves CPU capacity according to the following schedule:
1. 6 percent of the first core
2. 1 percent of the next core (up to two cores)
3. 0.5 percent of the next two cores (up to four cores)
4. 0.25 percent of any cores above four cores
19. B. The only states a Kubernetes deployment can be in are progressing, completed, and
failed.
20. A. Cloud Functions is best suited for event-driven processing, such as a file being uploaded to Cloud Storage or an event being writing to a Pub/Sub queue. Long-running jobs, such as loading data into a data warehouse, are better suited to Compute Engine or App Engine.
