1. A. The Compute Engine page is where you have the option of creating a single VM instance, so option A is the correct answer. App Engine is used for containers and running applications in language-specific runtime environments. Kubernetes Engine is used to create and manage Kubernetes clusters. Cloud Functions is where you would create a function to run in Google’s serverless cloud function environment.
2. B. Instances can be stopped, and when they are, then you cannot connect to them via SSH, which makes option B the correct answer. Starting the instance will enable SSH access. Option A is not correct because you can log into preemptible machines. Option C is incor- rect because there is no No SSH option. Option D is incorrect because the SSH option can be disabled.
3. B. The Reset command can be used to restart a VM; thus, option B is correct. The prop- erties of the VM will not change, but data in memory will be lost. There is no Reboot, Restart, Shutdown, or Startup option in the console.
4. C. Labels, members of a managed instance group, and status are all available for filtering, so option C is the correct answer. You can also filter by internal IP, external IP, zone, net- work, deletion protection, and member of a managed or unmanaged instance group.
5. A. To function properly, the operating system must have GPU libraries installed, so option A is correct. The operating system does not have to be Ubuntu based, and there is no need to have at least eight CPUs in an instance before you can attach and use a GPU. Available disk space does not determine if a GPU is used or not.
6. A. If you add a GPU to a VM, you must set the instance to terminate during maintenance, which makes option A the correct response. This is set in the Availability Policies section of the VM configuration form. The instance does not need to be preemptible and it can have non-boot disks attached. The instance is not required to run Ubuntu 14.02 or later.
7. B. When you first create a snapshot, GCP will make a full copy of the data on the persis- tent disk. The next time you create a snapshot from that disk, GCP will only copy the data that has changed since the last snapshot. Option A is incorrect; GCP does not store a full copy of the second snapshot. Option C is incorrect; the first snapshot is not deleted auto- matically. Option D is incorrect, subsequent snapshots do not incur 10 percent overhead.
8. D. To work with snapshots, a user must be assigned the Compute Storage Admin role, which makes option D the correct answer. The other options are fictitious roles.
9. C. Images can be created from four sources, namely, disks, snapshots, cloud storage files, or another image, so option C is the right answer. Database export files are not sources for images.
10. B. Deprecated marks the image as no longer supported and allows you to specify a replace- ment image to use going forward, making option B the correct answer. Deprecated images are available for use but may not be patched for security flaws or have other updates. The other options are fictitious features of images.
11. C. The base command for working with instances is gcloud compute instances, which makes option C the correct answer. The list command is used to show details of all instances. By default, output is in human-readable form, not json. Using the --format json option forces the output to be in JSON format. --output is not a valid option.
12. B. –-async causes information about the start process to be displayed; therefore, option B is correct. --verbose is an analogous parameter in many Linux commands. --describe provides details about an instance but not necessarily the startup process. --details is not a valid parameter.
13. C. The command to delete an instance is gcloud compute instances delete followed by the name of the instance, so option C is correct. Option A is incorrect because there is no instance parameter. Option B is incorrect because that command stops but does not delete the instance. Option D is missing instances in the command, which is required to indicate what type of entity is being deleted.
14. A. gcloud compute instances is the base command followed by delete, the name of the instance, and --keep-disks=boot, so option A is correct. There is no --save-disk parameter. Option C is wrong because filesystem is not a valid value for the keep-disk parameter. Option D is missing the instances option which is required in the command.
15. B. The correct answer is option B, which is to use the describe command. Option A will show some fields but not all. Options C and D are incorrect because there is no detailed parameter.
16. B. Instance groups are sets of VMs that can be configured to scale and are used with load balancers, which contribute to improving availability, so option B is correct. Preemptible instances are not highly available because they can be shut down at any time by GCP. Cloud Storage is not a Compute Engine component. GPUs can help improve throughput for math-intensive operations but do not contribute to high availability.
17. B. An instance group template is used to specify how the instance group should be created, which makes option B the correct answer. Option A is incorrect because instances are cre- ated automatically when an instance group is created. Boot disk images and snapshots do not have to be created before creating an instance group.
18. B. The command to delete an instance group is gcloud compute instance-template delete, so option B is correct. Option A incorrectly includes the term instances. Option C is in incorrect order. Option D is wrong because instance-template is in the wrong position and is plural in the option.
19. C. You can configure an autoscaling policy to trigger adding or removing instances based on CPU utilization, monitoring metric, load balancing capacity, or queue-based workloads. Disk, network latency, and memory can trigger scaling if monitoring metrics on those resources are configured. So, option C is correct.
20. B. Unmanaged instance groups are available for limited use cases such as this. Unmanaged instance groups are not recommended in general. Managed instance groups are the recom- mended way to use instance groups, but the two different configurations prevents their use. Preemptible instances and GPUs are not relevant to this scenario.
