1. B. When on the Cloud Console pages, you can click the cluster name to see a Details page, so option B is the correct answer. Typing the name of cluster in the search bar does not always return cluster details; it can return instance group details. There is no such com- mand as gcloud cluster details.
2. D. You can find the number of vCPUs on the cluster listing in the Total Cores column or on the Details page in the Node Pool section in the size parameter, making option D correct. The Labels section does not have vCPU information.
3. B. The correct command includes gcloud container to describe the service, clusters to indicate the resource you are referring to, and list to indicate the command, which makes option B the correct answer. Options A and C are not valid commands.
4. B. It is likely you do not have access privileges to the cluster. The gdcloud container clusters get-credentials command is the correct command to configure kubectl to use GCP credentials for the cluster, so option B is the right option. Options A, C, and D are invalid commands.
5. C. Clicking the Edit button allows you to change, add, or remove labels, so option C is the correct answer. The Connect button is on the cluster listing page, and the Deploy button
is for creating new deployments. There is no way to enter labels under the Labels section when displaying details.
6. D. When resizing, the gcloud container clusters resize command requires the name of the cluster and the node pool to modify. The size is required to specify how many nodes should be running. Therefore, option D is correct.
7. B. Pods are used to implement replicas of a deployment. It is a best practice to modify
the deployments, which are configured with a specification of the number of replicas that should always run, so option B is the correct answer. Option A is incorrect; you should not modify pods directly. Options C and D are incorrect because they do not change the num- ber of pods running an application.
8. C. Deployments are listed under Workloads, making option C the correct answer. The Cluster option shows details about clusters but does not have details on deployments. Stor- age shows information about persistent volumes and storage classes. Deployments is not an option.
9. B. There are four actions available for deployments (Autoscale, Expose, Rolling Update, and Scale), so option B is correct. Add, Modify, and Delete are not options.
10. C. Since deployments are managed by Kubernetes and not GCP, we need to use a kubectl command and not a gcloud command, which makes option C correct. Option D is incorrect because it follows the gcloud command structure, not the kubectl command structure. The kubectl command has the verb, like get, before the resource type, like deployments, for example.
11. D. You can specify container image, cluster name, and application name along with the labels, initial command, and namespace; therefore, option D is the correct answer.
12. A. The Deployment Details page includes services, so option A is the correct answer. Con- tainers are used to implement services; service details are not available there. The Clusters Detail page does not contain information on services running in the cluster.
13. A. kubectl run is the command used to start a deployment. It takes a name for the deployment, an image, and a port specification. The other options are not valid kubectl commands.
14. A. Option A shows the correct command, which is kubectl delete service ml- classifier-3. Option B is missing the service term. Options C and D cannot be correct because services are managed by Kubernetes, not GCP.
15. C. The Container Registry is the service for managing images that can be used in other services, including Kubernetes Engine and Compute Engine, making option C correct. Both Compute Engine and Kubernetes Engine use images but do not manage them. There is no service called Container Engine.
16. A. Images are managed by GCP, so the correct command will be a gcloud command,
so option A is the correct answer. Option B is incorrect because the verb is placed before the resource. Options C and D are incorrect because kubectl is for managing Kubernetes resources, not GCP resources like container images.
17. B. The correct command is gcloud container images describe, which makes option B the right answer. describe is the gcloud verb or operation for showing the details of an object. All other options are invalid commands.
18. B. The kubectl expose deployment command makes a service accessible, so option B is the correct answer. IP addresses are assigned to VMs, not services. The command gcloud does not manage Kubernetes services, so option C is incorrect. Option D is incorrect because making a service accessible is not a cluster-level task.
19. B. Autoscaling is the most cost-effective and least burdensome way to respond to changes in demand for a service, so option B is the correct answer. Option A may run nodes even when they are not needed. Option C is manually intensive and requires human intervention. Option D reduces human intervention but does not account for unexpected spikes or lulls in demand.
20. B. Cloud engineers working with Kubernetes will need to be familiar with working with clusters, nodes, pods, and container images. They will also need to be familiar with deploy- ment. Option B is the correct answer because the other options are all missing an important component of Kubernetes that cloud engineers will have to manage.
