1. Instance templates are used to create a group of identical VMs. The instance templates
include:
A. Machine type, boot disk image or container image, zone, and labels
B. Cloud Storage bucket definitions
C. A load balancer description
D. App Engine configuration file

2. The command-line command to create a Cloud Storage bucket is:
A. gcloud mb
B. gsutil mb
C. gcloud mkbucket
D. gsutil mkbucket

3. Your company has an object management policy that requires that objects stored in Cloud
Storage be migrated from regional storage to nearline storage 90 days after the object is
created. The most efficient way to do this is to:
A. Create a cloud function to copy objects from regional storage to nearline storage.
B. Set the MigrateObjectAfter property on the stored object to 90 days.
C. Copy the object to persistent storage attached to a VM and then copy the object to a
bucket created on nearline storage.
D. Create a lifecycle management configuration policy specifying an age of 90 days and
SetStorageClass as nearline.

4. An education client maintains a site where users can upload videos, and your client needs to
assure redundancy for the files; therefore, you have created two buckets for Cloud Storage.
Which command do you use to synchronize the contents of the two buckets?
A. gsutil rsync
B. gcloud cp sync
C. gcloud rsync
D. gsutil cp sync

5. VPCs are resources.
A. Regional
B. Zonal
C. Global
D. Subnet

6. A remote component in your network has failed, which results in a transient network error.
When you submit a gsutil command, it fails because of a transient error. By default, the
command will:
A. Terminate and log a message to Stackdriver
B. Retry using a truncated binary exponential back-off strategy
C. Prompt the user to decide to retry or quit
D. Terminate and log a message to Cloud Shell

7. All of the following are components of firewall rules except which one?
A. Direction of traffic
B. Action on match
C. Time to live (TTL)
D. Protocol

8. Adding virtual machines to an instance group can be triggered in an autoscaling policy by
all of the following, except which one?
A. CPU utilization
B. Stackdriver metrics
C. IAM policy violation
D. Load balancing serving capacity

9. Your company’s finance department is developing a new account management application
that requires transactions and the ability to perform relational database operations using
fully compliant SQL. Data store options in GCP include:
A. Spanner and Cloud SQL
B. Datastore and Bigtable
C. Spanner and Cloud Storage
D. Datastore and Cloud SQL

10. The marketing department in your company wants to deploy a web application but does
not want to have to manage servers or clusters. A good option for them is:
A. Compute Engine
B. Kubernetes Engine
C. App Engine
D. Cloud Functions

11. Your company is building an enterprise data warehouse and wants SQL query capabilities
over petabytes of data, but does not want to manage servers or clusters. A good option for
them is:
A. Cloud Storage
B. BigQuery
C. Bigtable
D. Datastore

12. You have been hired as a consultant to a startup in the Internet of Things (IoT) space. The
startup will stream large volumes of data into GCP. The data needs to be filtered, transformed,
and analyzed before being stored in GCP Datastore. A good option for the stream
processing component is:
A. Dataproc
B. Cloud Dataflow
C. Cloud Endpoints
D. Cloud Interconnect

13. Preemptible virtual machines may be shut down at any time but will always be shut down
after running:
A. 6 hours
B. 12 hours
C. 24 hours
D. 48 hours

14. You have been tasked with designing an organizational hierarchy for managing departments
and their cloud resources. What organizing components are available in GCP?
A. Organization, folders, projects
B. Buckets, directories, subdirectories
C. Organizations, buckets, projects
D. Folders, buckets, projects

15. During an incident that has caused an application to fail, you suspect some resource may
not have appropriate roles granted. The command to list roles granted to a resource is:
A. gutil iam list-grantable-roles
B. gcloud iam list-grantable-roles
C. gcloud list-grantable-roles
D. gcloud resources grantable-roles

16. The availability of CPU platforms can vary between zones. To get a list of all CPU types
available in a particular zone, you should use:
A. gcloud compute zones describe
B. gcloud iam zones describe
C. gutil zones describe
D. gcloud compute regions list

17. To create a custom role, a user must possess which role?
A. iam.create
B. compute.roles.create
C. iam.roles.create
D. Compute.roles.add

18. You have been asked to create a network with 1,000 IP addresses. In the interest of
minimizing unused IP addresses, which CIDR suffix would you use to create a network
with at least 1,000 addresses but no more than necessary?
A. /20
B. /22
C. /28
D. /32

19. A team of data scientists have asked for your help setting up an Apache Spark cluster.
You suggest they use a managed GCP service instead of managing a cluster themselves on
Compute Engine. The service they would use is:
A. Cloud Dataproc
B. Cloud Dataflow
C. Cloud Hadoop
D. BigQuery

20. You have created a web application that allows users to upload files to Cloud Storage.
When files are uploaded, you want to check the file size and update the user’s total storage
used in their account. A serverless option for performing this action on load is:
A. Cloud Dataflow
B. Cloud Dataproc
C. Cloud Storage
D. Cloud Functions

21. Your company has just started using GCP, and executives want to have a dedicated connection
from your data center to the GCP to allow for large data transfers. Which networking
service would you recommend?
A. Google Cloud Carrier Internet Peering
B. Google Cloud Interconnect – Dedicated
C. Google Cloud Internet Peering
D. Google Cloud DNS

22. You want to have GCP manage cryptographic keys, so you’ve decided to use Cloud Key
Management Services. Before you can start creating cryptographic keys, you must:
A. Enable Google Cloud Key Management Service (KMS) API and set up billing
B. Enable Google Cloud KMS API and create folders
C. Create folders and set up billing
D. Give all users grantable roles to create keys

23. In Kubernetes Engine, a node pool is:
A. A subset of nodes across clusters
B. A set of VMs managed outside of Kubernetes Engine
C. A set of preemptible VMs
D. A subset of node instances within a cluster that all have the same configuration

24. The GCP service for storing and managing Docker containers is:
A. Cloud Source Repositories
B. Cloud Build
C. Container Registry
D. Docker Repository

25. Code for Cloud Functions can be written in:
A. Node.js and Python
B. Node.js, Python, and Go
C. Python and Go
D. Python and C

