1. D. Once a bucket is created as either regional or multiregional, it cannot be changed to the other, so option D is correct. Nearline to coldline and regional to nearline are both allowed, as is multiregional to coldline.
2. C. The goal is to reduce cost, so you would want to use the least costly storage option. Coldline has the lowest per-gigabyte charge at $0.07/GB/month, so option C is correct. Nearline is the next lowest followed by regional. Multiregional has the highest per-gigabyte charge. Both nearline and coldline have access charges, but those are not considered in this question.
3. B. Bigtable is a wide-column database that can ingest large volumes of data consistently, so option B is correct. It also supports low-millisecond latency, making it a good choice for supporting querying. Cloud Spanner is a global relational database that is not suitable for high-speed ingestion of large volumes of data. Datastore is an object data model and not a good fit for IoT or other time series data. BigQuery is an analytics database and not designed for ingestion of large volumes of data in short periods of time.
4. A. Option A is correct because Memorystore is a managed Redis cache. The cache can
be used to store the results of queries. Follow-on queries that reference the data stored in the cache can read it from the cache, which is much faster than reading from persistent disks. SSDs have significantly lower latency than hard disk drives and should be used for performance-sensitive applications like databases. Options B and D are incorrect because HDD persistent disks do give the best performance with respect to IOPS. Options C and D are incorrect because Datastore is a managed NoSQL database and would not have any impact on SQL query performance.
5. B. HDDs are the better choice for persistent disks for a local database when performance
is not the primary concern and you are trying to keep costs down, so option B is correct. Option A is wrong because SSDs are more expensive and the users do not need the lowest latency available. Options C and D are wrong; both of those are other databases that would not be used to store data in a local relational database.
6. B. Lifecycle configurations can change storage class from regional to nearline or coldline. Once a bucket is created as regional or multiregional, it cannot be changed to the other, so option B is the right answer. Option A is true; you can set retention periods when creating a bucket. Option C is true; Cloud Storage does not provide file system–like access to internal data blocks. Option D is true because Cloud Storage is highly durable.
7. A. The most recent version of an object is called the live version, so option A is correct. Options B and C are incorrect; top and active are not terms used to refer to versions. Option D is incorrect because option A is correct.
8. B. Both Cloud SQL and Spanner are relational databases and are well suited for transaction-processing applications, so option B is right. Option A is incorrect because BigQuery is relational, but it is designed for data warehousing and analytics, not transaction processing. Options C and D are incorrect because Bigtable a wide-column NoSQL database, not a relational database.
9. C. Both MySQL and PostgreSQL are Cloud SQL options so Option C is correct. Options A and B are incorrect, SQL Server is not a Cloud SQL option. Option D is incorrect because Oracle is not a Cloud SQL option. You could choose to run SQL Server or Oracle on your instances but you would have to manage them, unlike Cloud SQL managed databases.
10. D. The multiregional and multi-super-regional location of nam-eur-aisa1 is the most expensive, which makes option D the right answer. Option A is a region that costs less than the multi-super-regional nam-eur-asia1. Option C is incorrect; that is a zone, and Spanner is configured to regions or super regions. Option B is incorrect; it is only a single super region, which cost less than deploying to multiple super regions.
11. D. BigQuery, Datastore, and Firebase are all fully managed services that do not require you to specify configuration information for VMs, which makes option D correct. Cloud SQL and Bigtable require you to specify some configuration information for VMs.
12. B. Datastore is a document database, which makes option B correct. Cloud SQL and Spanner are relational databases. Bigtable is a wide-column database. Google does not offer a managed graph database.
13. A. BigQuery is a managed service designed for data warehouses and analytics. It uses standard SQL for querying, which makes option A the right answer. Bigtable can support the volume of data described, but it does not use SQL as a query language. Cloud SQL is not the best option to scale to tens of petabytes. SQL Server is a relational database from Microsoft; it is not a GCP-managed database service.
14. B. Firestore is a document database that has mobile supporting features, like data synchronization, so option B is the right answer. BigQuery is for analytics, not mobile or transactional applications. Spanner is a global relational database but does not have mobile-specific features. Bigtable could be used with mobile devices, but it does not have mobile-specific features like synchronization.
15. D. In addition to read and write patterns, cost, and consistency, you should consider transaction support and latency, which makes option D correct.
16. B. Option B is correct because Memorystore can be configured to use between 1GB and 300GB of memory.
17. D. Once a bucket is set to coldline, it cannot be changed to another storage class; thus, option D is correct. Regional and multiregional can change to nearline and coldline. Nearline buckets can change to coldline.
18. A. To use BigQuery to store data, you must have a data set to store it, which makes option A the right answer. Buckets are used by Cloud Storage, not BigQuery. You do not manage persistent disks when using BigQuery. An entity is a data structure in Datastore, not BigQuery.
19. D. With a second-generation instance, you can configure the MySQL version, connectivity, machine type, automatic backups, failover replicas, database flags, maintenance windows, and labels, so option D is correct.
20. A. Access charges are used with nearline and coldline storage, which makes option A correct. There is no transfer charge involved. Options C and D do not refer to actual storage classes.
