1. C. Creating databases is the responsibility of database administrators or other users of Cloud SQL, so option C is correct. Google applies security patches and performs other maintenance, so option A is incorrect. GCP performs regularly scheduled backups, so option B is incorrect. Database administrators need to schedule backups, but GCP makes sure they are performed on schedule. Cloud SQL users can’t SSH into a Cloud SQL server, so they can’t tune the operating system. That’s not a problem; Google takes care of that.
2. A. Cloud SQL is controlled using the gcloud command; the sequence of terms in gcloud commands is gcloud followed by the service, in this case SQL; followed by a resource, in this case backups, and a command or verb, in this case create. Option A is the correct answer. Option B is incorrect because gsutil is used to work with Cloud Storage, not Cloud SQL. Option C is wrong because the order of terms is incorrect; backups comes before create. Option D is incorrect because the command or verb should be create.
3. A. Option A is the correct answer. The base command is gcloud sql instances patch, which is followed by the instance name and a start time passed to the –-backup-start-time parameter. Option B is incorrect because databases is not the correct resource to reference; instances is. Option C uses the cbt command, which is for use with Bigtable, so it is incorrect. Similarly, Option D is incorrect because it uses the bq command, which is used to manage BigQuery resources.
4. C. Datastore uses a SQL-like query language called GQL, so option C is correct. Option A is incorrect; SQL is not used with this database. Option B is incorrect; MDX is a query language for online analytic processing (OLAP) systems. Option D is incorrect because DataFrames is a data structure used in Spark.
5. C. Option C is the correct command. It has the correct base command, gcloud datastore export, followed by the --namespaces parameter and the name of a Cloud Storage bucket to hold the export file. Option A is incorrect because the --namespaces parameter name
is missing. Option B is incorrect because it is missing a namespace. Option D is incorrect because it uses the command or verb dump instead of export.
6. C. Option C is correct; BigQuery displays an estimate of the amount of data scanned. This is important because BigQuery charges for data scanned in queries. Option A is incorrect; knowing how long it took you to enter a query is not helpful. Option B is incorrect; you need to use the scanned data estimate with the Pricing Calculator to get an estimate cost. Option D is incorrect; you do not create clusters in BigQuery as you do with Bigtable and Dataproc. Network I/O data is not displayed.
7. B. Option B shows the correct bq command structure, which includes location and the ––dry_run option. This option calculates an estimate without actually running the query. Options A and C are incorrect because they use the wrong command; gcloud and gsutil are not used with BigQuery. Option D is also wrong. cbt is a tool for working with Bigtable, not BigQuery. Be careful not to confuse the two because their names are similar.
8. A. Option A is correct; the menu option is Job History. Options B and C are incorrect; there is no Active Jobs or My Jobs option. Job History shows active jobs, completed jobs, and jobs that generated errors. Option D is incorrect; you can get job status in the console.
9. C. BigQuery provides an estimate of the amount of data scanned, and the Pricing Calculator gives a cost estimate for scanning that volume of data. Options A, B, and C are incorrect; the Billing service tracks charges incurred. It is not used to estimate future or potential charges.
10. B. Option B is correct; the next step is to create a database within the instance. Once a database is created, tables can be created, and data can be loaded into tables. Option A
is incorrect; Cloud Spanner is a managed database, so you do not need to apply security patches. Option C is incorrect because you can’t create tables without first having created a database. Option D is incorrect; no tables are created that you could import data into when an instance is created.
11. D. Option D is correct because there is no need to apply patches to the underlying compute resources when using Cloud Spanner. because Google manages resources used by Cloud Spanner. Updating packages is a good practice when using VMs, for example, with Compute Engine, but it is not necessary with a managed service.
12. C. This use case is well suited to Pub/Sub, so option C is correct. It involves sending messages to the topic, and the subscription model is a good fit. Pub/Sub has a retention period to support the three-day retention period. Option A is incorrect; Bigtable is designed for storing large volumes of data. Dataproc is for processing and analyzing data, not passing it between systems. Cloud Spanner is a global relational database. You could design an application to meet this use case, but it would require substantial development and be costly to run.
13. C. Pub/Sub works with topics, which receive and hold messages, and subscriptions, which make messages available to consuming applications; therefore, option C is correct. Option A is incorrect; tables are data structures in relational databases, not message queues. Similarly, option B is wrong because databases exist in instances of database management systems, not messaging systems. Option D is wrong because tables are not a resource in messaging systems.
14. C. The correct command is gcloud components install cbt to install the Bigtable command-line tool, so option C is correct. Options A and B are incorrect; apt-get is used to install packages on some Linux systems but is not specific to GCP. Option D is incorrect; there is no such command as bigtable-tools.
15. A. You would need to use a cbt command, which is the command-line tool for working with Bigtable, so option A is correct. All other options reference gcloud and are therefore incorrect.
16. B. Cloud Dataproc is a managed service for Spark and Hadoop, so option B is correct. Cassandra is a big data distributed database but is not offered as a managed service by Google, so options A and C are incorrect. Option D is incorrect because TensorFlow is a deep learning platform not included in Dataproc.
17. B. The correct command is gcloud dataproc clusters create followed by the name of the cluster and the a --zone parameter. Option B is correct. Option A is incorrect because bq is the command-line tool for BigQuery, not Dataproc. Option C is a gcloud command missing a verb or command, so it is incorrect. Option D is wrong because option B is the correct answer.
18. B. gsutil is the correct command, so option B is correct. Option A is incorrect because gcloud commands are not used to manage Cloud Storage. Similarly, options C and D are incorrect because they use commands for Bigtable and BigQuery, respectively.
19. B. The command in option B correctly renames an object from an old name to a new name. Option A is incorrect because it uses a cp command instead of mv. Option C does not include bucket names, so it is incorrect. Option D uses gcloud, but gsutil is the command-line tool for working with Cloud Storage.
20. A. Dataproc with Spark and its machine learning library are ideal for this use case, so option A is correct. Option B suggests Hadoop, but it is not a good choice for machine learning applications. Option C is incorrect because Spanner is designed as a global relational database with support for transaction processing systems, not analytic and machine learning systems. Option D is incorrect. SQL is a powerful query language, but it does not support the kinds of machine learning algorithms needed to solve the proposed problem.
