1. B. The A record is used to map a domain name to an IPv4 address, so option B is correct. Option A is incorrect because the AAAA record is used for IPv6 addresses. Option C is incorrect; NS is a name server record. Option D is incorrect; SOA is a start of authority record.
2. A. DNSSEC is a secure protocol designed to prevent spoofing and cache poisoning, so option A is correct. Options B and C are incorrect because SOA and CNAME records contain data about the DNS record; they are not an additional security measure. Option D is incorrect because deleting a CNAME record does not improve security.
3. A. The TTL parameters specify the time a record can be in a cache before the data should be queried again, so option A is correct. Option B is incorrect; this time period is not related to timeouts. Option C is incorrect; the TTLs are not related to time restriction on data change operations. Option D is not correct; there is no manual review required.
4. B. The correct answer, Option B, is gcloud beta dns managed-zones create. Option A is incorrect, it uses the gsutil command which is used to work with Cloud Storage. Option C is incorrect, it is missing the term dns. Option D is incorrect, the ordering of terms is incorrect.
5. B. The visibility parameter is the parameter that can be set to private, so option B is correct. Option A is not a valid parameter. Option C is incorrect; private is not a parameter. Similarly, option D is incorrect; status is not a valid parameter for making a DNS zone private.
6. C. The three global load balancers are HTTP(S), SSL Proxy, and TCP Proxy, so option C
is correct. Options A and B are missing at least one global load balancer. Option D is incorrect because Internal TCP/UD is a regional load balancer.
7. D. Network TCP/UDP enables balancing based on IP protocol, address, and port, so option D is correct. Options A, B, and C are all global load balancers, not regional ones.
8. A. In the console there is an option to select between From Internet To My VMs and Only Between My VMs. This is the option to indicate private or public, so option A is correct. Options B, C, and D are all fictitious parameters.
9. B. TCP Proxy load balancers require you to configure both the frontend and backendthe , so option B is correct. Options A and D are incorrect because they are missing one component. Option C is incorrect; forwarding rules are the one component specified with network load balancing. There is no component known as a traffic rule.
10. B. Health checks monitor the health of VMs used with load balancers, so option B is correct. Option A is incorrect, nearline storage is a type of Cloud Storage. Option C and D are incorrect; storage devices or buckets are not health checked.
11. B. You specify ports to forward when configuring the frontend, so option B is correct. The backend is where you configure how traffic is routed to VMs. Option C is incorrect; Network Services is a high-level area of the console. Option D is incorrect; VPCs are not where you specify load balancer configurations.
12. A. The correct answer, option A, is gcloud compute forwarding-rules create. Option B is incorrect; the service should be compute, not network. Option C is incorrect; create comes after forwarding-rules. Option D is incorrect because it has the wrong service, and the verb is in the wrong position.
13. C. Static addresses are assigned until they are released, so option C is correct. Options A and B are incorrect because internal and external addresses determine whether traffic is routed into and out of the subnet. External addresses can have traffic reach them from the Internet; internal addresses cannot. Option D is incorrect; ephemeral addresses are released when a VM shuts down or is deleted.
14. A. An ephemeral address is sufficient, since resources outside the subnet will not need
to reach the VM and you can SSH into the VM from the console, so option A is correct. Option B is incorrect because there is no need to assign a permanent address, which would then have to be released. Option C is incorrect; there is no Permanent type. Option D is incorrect; there is no IPv8 address.
15. D. You cannot reduce the number of addresses using any of the commands, so option D is correct. Option A is incorrect because the prefix length specified in the expand-ip-range command must be a number less than the current length. If there are 65,534 addresses, then the prefix length is 16. Option B is incorrect for the same reason, and the prefix length cannot be a negative number. Option C is incorrect; there is no ––size parameter.
16. B. The prefix length specifies the length in bits of the subnet mask. The remaining bits of the IP address are used for device addresses. Since there are 32 bits in an IP address, you subtract the length of the mask to get the number of bits used to represent the address. 16 is equal to 24, so you need 4 bits to represent 14 addresses. 32-4 is 28, so option B is the correct answer. Option A would leave 1 address, option C would provide 4,094 addresses, and option D would provide 65,534.
17. C. Premium is the network service level that routes all traffic over the Google network, so option C is correct. Option A is incorrect; the Standard tier may use the public Internet when routing traffic. Options B and D are incorrect; there are no service tiers called Google-only or non-Internet.
18. B. Stopping and starting a VM will release ephemeral IP addresses, so option B is correct. Use a static IP address to have the same IP address across reboots. Option A is incorrect; rebooting a VM does not change a DNS record. Option C is incorrect because if you had enough addresses to get an address when you first started the VM and you then released that IP address, there should be at least one IP address assuming no other devices are added to the subnet. Option D is incorrect because no other changes, including changes to the subnet, were made.
19. A. Internal TCP/UDP is a good option. It is a regional load balancer that supports UDP, so option A is correct. Options B, C, and D are all global load balancers. Option B supports TCP, not UDP. Option D supports HTTP and HTTPS, not UDP.
20. B. Network Services is the section of Cloud Console that has the Cloud DNS console, so option B is correct. Option A is incorrect; Compute Engine does not have DNS management forms. Neither does option C, Kubernetes Engine. Option D is related to networking, but the services in Hybrid Connectivity are for services such as VPNs.
