1. What are the categories of Cloud Launcher solutions?

A. Data sets only

B. Operating systems only

C. Developer tools and operating systems only

D. Data sets, operating systems, and developer tools
2. What is the other name of Cloud Launcher?

A. Cloud Deployment Manager

B. Marketplace

C. Cloud Tools

D. Cloud Solutions: Third Party
3. Where do you navigate to launch a Cloud Launcher solution?
A. Overview page of the solution

B. Main Cloud Launcher page

C. Network Services

D. None of the above
4. You want to quickly identify the set of operating systems available in Cloud Launcher.
Which of these steps would help with that?

A. Use Google Search to search the Web for a listing.

B. Use filters in Cloud Launcher.

C. Scroll through the list of solutions displayed on the start page of Cloud Launcher.
D. It is not possible to filter to operating systems.
5. You want to use Cloud Launcher to deploy a WordPress site. You notice there is more than one WordPress option. Why is that?

A. It’s a mistake. Submit a ticket to Google support.
B. Multiple vendors may offer the same application.
C. It’s a mistake. Submit a ticket to the vendors.

D. You will never see such an option.
6. You have used Cloud Launcher to deploy a WordPress site and would now like to deploy a database. You notice that the configuration form for the databases is different from the form used with WordPress. Why is that?

A. It’s a mistake. Submit a ticket to Google support.

B. You’ve navigated to a different subform of Cloud Launcher.

C. Configuration properties are based on the application you are deploying and will be different depending on what application you are deploying.

D. This cannot happen.
7. You have been asked by your manager to deploy a WordPress site. You expect heavy traffic, and your manager wants to make sure the VM hosting the WordPress site has enough resources. Which resources can you configure when launching a WordPress site using Cloud Launcher?

A. Machine type
B. Disk type

C. Disk size

D. All of the above
8. You would like to define as code the configuration of a set of application resources. The GCP service for creating resources using a configuration file made up of resource specifications defined in YAML syntax is called what?

A. Compute Engine

B. Deployment Manager

C. Marketplace Manager

D. Marketplace Deployer
9. What file format is used to define Deployment Manager configuration files?
A. XML

B. JSON
C. CSV
D. YAML
10. A Deployment Manager configuration file starts with what term?
A. Deploy

B. Resources
C. Properties
D. YAML
11. Which of the following are used to define a resource in a Cloud Deployment Manager configuration file?

A. type only

B. properties only

C. name and type only

D. type, properties, and name
12. What properties may be set when defining a disk on a VM?

A. A device name only

B. A Boolean indicating a boot disk and a Boolean indicating autodelete

C. A Boolean indicating autodelete only

D. A device name, a Boolean indicating a boot disk, and a Boolean indicating autodelete
13. You need to look up what images are available in the zone in which you want to deploy a
VM. What command would you use?

A. gcloud compute images list
B. gcloud images list

C. gsutil compute images list
D. gcloud compute list images
14. You want to use a template file with Deployment Manager. You expect the file to be complicated. What language would you use?

A. Jinja2
B. Ruby
C. Go

D. Python
15. What command launches a deployment?

A. gcloud deployment-manager deployments create
B. gcloud cloud-launcher deployments create

C. gcloud deployment-manager deployments launch
D. gcloud cloud-launcher deployments launch
16. A DevOps engineer is noticing a spike in CPU utilization on your servers. You explain you have just launched a deployment. You’d like to show the DevOps engineer the details of a deployment you just launched. What command would you use?

A. gcloud cloud-launcher deployments describe

B. gcloud deployment-manage deployments list

C. gcloud deployment-manager deployments describe
D. gcloud cloud-launcher deployments list
17. If you expand the More link in the Networking section when deploying a Cloud Launcher solution, what will you be able to configure?

A. IP addresses

B. Billing

C. Access controls

D. Custom machine type
18. What are the license types referenced in Cloud Launcher?

A. Free only

B. Free and Paid only

C. Free and Bring your own license (BYOL) only

D. Free, paid, and bring your own license
19. Which license type will add charges to your GCP bill when using Cloud Launcher with this
type of license?

A. Free

B. Paid

C. BYOL

D. Chargeback
20. You are deploying a Cloud Launcher application that includes a LAMP stack. What software will this deploy?

A. Apache server and Linux only

B. Linux only

C. MySQL and Apache only

D. Apache, MySQL, Linux, and PHP